doc/primitives/matmul.md, before:

Matrix Multiplication {#dev_guide_matmul}
=========================================

>
> [API Reference](@ref dnnl_api_matmul)
>

The matrix multiplication (MatMul) primitive computes the product of two
2D tensors with optional bias addition:

\f[
    dst(m, n) =
        \sum_{k=0}^{K} \left(
            src(m, k) \cdot weights(k, n)
        \right) +
        bias(m, n)
\f]

The MatMul primitive also supports batching multiple independent matrix
multiplication operations, in which case the tensors must be 3D:

\f[
    dst(mb, m, n) =
        \sum_{k=0}^{K} \left(
            src(mb, m, k) \cdot weights(mb, k, n)
        \right) +
        bias(mb, m, n)
\f]

The bias tensor is optional and supports implicit broadcast semantics: any of
its dimensions can be 1 and the same value would be used across the
corresponding dimension. However, \f$bias\f$ must have the same number of
dimensions as the \f$dst\f$.

## Implementation Details

### General Notes

1. The MatMul primitive supports input and output tensors with run-time
   specified shapes and memory formats. The run-time specified dimensions or
   strides are specified using the #DNNL_RUNTIME_DIM_VAL wildcard value during
   the primitive initialization and creation stage. At the execution stage, the
   user must pass fully specified memory objects so that the primitive is able
   to perform the computations. Note that the less information about shapes
   or format is available at the creation stage, the less performant execution
   will be.  In particular, if the shape is not known at creation stage, one
   cannot use the special format tag #dnnl::memory::format_tag::any to enable an
   implementation to choose the most appropriate memory format for the
   corresponding input or output shapes. On the other hand, run-time specified
   shapes enable users to create a primitive once and use it in different
   situations.

   @sa Please check tutorials below to see #DNNL_RUNTIME_DIM_VAL support in use.

### Data Types

The MatMul primitive supports the following combinations of data
types for source, destination, weights, and bias tensors:

| Source | Weights  | Destination      | Bias             |
| :--    | :--      | :--              | :--              |
| f32    | f32      | f32              | f32              |
| f16    | f16      | f16              | f16              |
| bf16   | bf16     | bf16             | bf16, f32        |
| u8, s8 | s8, u8   | u8, s8, s32, f32 | u8, s8, s32, f32 |

### Data Representation

The MatMul primitive expects the following tensors:

| Dims | Source                     | Weights                    | Destination                | Bias                                                                               |
| :--  | :--                        | :--                        | :--                        | :--                                                                                |
| 2D   | \f$M \times K\f$           | \f$K \times N\f$           | \f$M \times N\f$           | None or \f$(M \text{ or } 1) \times (N  \text{ or } 1)\f$                          |
| 3D   | \f$MB \times M \times K\f$ | \f$MB \times K \times N\f$ | \f$MB \times M \times N\f$ | None or \f$(MB \text{ or } 1) \times (M \text{ or } 1) \times (N \text{ or } 1)\f$ |

The MatMul primitive is generally optimized for the case in which memory objects
use plain memory formats (with some restrictions; see the table below).
However, it is recommended to use the placeholder memory format
 #dnnl::memory::format_tag::any if an input tensor is reused across multiple
executions. In this case, the primitive will set the most appropriate memory
format for the corresponding input tensor.

The table below shows the combinations of memory formats for which the MatMul
primitive is optimized. The memory format of the destination tensor should
always be #dnnl::memory::format_tag::ab for the 2D case and
#dnnl::memory::format_tag::abc for the 3D one.

| Dims | Logical tensors                                                             | MatMul is optimized for the following memory formats
| :--  | :--                                                                         | :--
| 2D   | Source: \f$M \times K\f$ <br> Weights: \f$K \times N\f$                     | Source: #dnnl_ab or #dnnl_ba <br> Weights: #dnnl_ab or #dnnl_ba
| 3D   | Source: \f$MB \times M \times K\f$ <br> Weights: \f$MB \times K \times N\f$ | Source: #dnnl_abc or #dnnl_acb <br> Weights: #dnnl_abc or #dnnl_acb

### Attributes and Post-ops

Attributes and post-ops enable modifying the behavior of the MatMul primitive.
The following attributes and post-ops are supported:

| Type      | Operation                                                     | Restrictions           | Description
| :--       | :--                                                           | :--                    | :--
| Attribute | [Output scales](@ref dnnl::primitive_attr::set_output_scales) |                        | Scales the result by given scale factor(s)
| Attribute | [Zero points](@ref dnnl::primitive_attr::set_zero_points)     | Int8 computations only | Sets zero point(s) for the corresponding tensors
| Post-op   | [Eltwise](@ref dnnl::post_ops::append_eltwise)                |                        | Applies an @ref dnnl_api_eltwise operation to the result
| Post-op   | [Sum](@ref dnnl::post_ops::append_sum)                        |                        | Adds the operation result to the destination tensor instead of overwriting it

To facilitate dynamic quantization, the primitive supports run-time output
scales. That means a user could configure attributes with output scales set to
the #DNNL_RUNTIME_F32_VAL wildcard value instead of the actual scales,
if the scales are not known at the primitive descriptor creation stage.
In this case, the user must provide the scales as an additional input memory
object with argument `DNNL_ARG_ATTR_OUTPUT_SCALES` during the execution stage.

Similarly to run-time output scales, the primitive supports run-time zero
points. The wildcard value for zero points is #DNNL_RUNTIME_S32_VAL. During
the execution stage, the corresponding memory object needs to be passed in the
argument with index set to
(`DNNL_ARG_ATTR_ZERO_POINTS | DNNL_ARG_${MEMORY_INDEX}`).
- For instance, source tensor zero points memory argument would be passed with
  index (`DNNL_ARG_ATTR_ZERO_POINTS | DNNL_ARG_SRC`).

@sa Please check tutorials below to see run-time attributes in use.

## Implementation Limitations

1. Check @ref dev_guide_data_types.

2. The CPU engine doesn't support `u8` data type for weights.

## Performance Tips

- Use #dnnl::memory::format_tag::any for either of the input tensors if and
  only if the shape of the corresponding tensor is fully known at creation
  time and it is possible to cache reordered tensors across multiple primitive
  executions. For instance, a good candidate for reuse are the weights tensors
  during inference: their shapes and data types are known in advance; thus
  they can be reordered during the first inference pass and can be reused
  during the subsequent passes. However, if any of the input tensors cannot be
  reused, it is best to force the primitive to use the same format as that used
  by the tensors.

## Tutorials

| Engine  | Name                               | Comments
| :--     | :--                                | :--
| CPU     | @ref cpu_sgemm_and_matmul_cpp      | @copydetails cpu_sgemm_and_matmul_cpp_short
| CPU/GPU | @ref inference_int8_matmul_cpp     | @copydetails inference_int8_matmul_cpp_short
| CPU     | @ref cpu_matmul_quantization_cpp   | @copydetails cpu_matmul_quantization_cpp_short

Commit message:

doc: add execution argument index table for all primitives

doc/primitives/matmul.md, after:

Matrix Multiplication {#dev_guide_matmul}
=========================================

>
> [API Reference](@ref dnnl_api_matmul)
>

The matrix multiplication (MatMul) primitive computes the product of two
2D tensors with optional bias addition:

\f[
    dst(m, n) =
        \sum_{k=0}^{K} \left(
            src(m, k) \cdot weights(k, n)
        \right) +
        bias(m, n)
\f]

The MatMul primitive also supports batching multiple independent matrix
multiplication operations, in which case the tensors must be 3D:

\f[
    dst(mb, m, n) =
        \sum_{k=0}^{K} \left(
            src(mb, m, k) \cdot weights(mb, k, n)
        \right) +
        bias(mb, m, n)
\f]

The bias tensor is optional and supports implicit broadcast semantics: any of
its dimensions can be 1 and the same value would be used across the
corresponding dimension. However, \f$bias\f$ must have the same number of
dimensions as the \f$dst\f$.

## Execution Arguments
When executed, the inputs and outputs should be mapped to an execution
argument index as specified by the following table.
| Primitive intput/output | Execution argument index |
| ---                     | ---                      |
| \src                    | DNNL_ARG_SRC             |
| \weights                | DNNL_ARG_WEIGHTS         |
| \bias                   | DNNL_ARG_BIAS            |
| \dst                    | DNNL_ARG_DST             |

## Implementation Details

### General Notes

1. The MatMul primitive supports input and output tensors with run-time
   specified shapes and memory formats. The run-time specified dimensions or
   strides are specified using the #DNNL_RUNTIME_DIM_VAL wildcard value during
   the primitive initialization and creation stage. At the execution stage, the
   user must pass fully specified memory objects so that the primitive is able
   to perform the computations. Note that the less information about shapes
   or format is available at the creation stage, the less performant execution
   will be.  In particular, if the shape is not known at creation stage, one
   cannot use the special format tag #dnnl::memory::format_tag::any to enable an
   implementation to choose the most appropriate memory format for the
   corresponding input or output shapes. On the other hand, run-time specified
   shapes enable users to create a primitive once and use it in different
   situations.

   @sa Please check tutorials below to see #DNNL_RUNTIME_DIM_VAL support in use.

### Data Types

The MatMul primitive supports the following combinations of data
types for source, destination, weights, and bias tensors:

| Source | Weights  | Destination      | Bias             |
| :--    | :--      | :--              | :--              |
| f32    | f32      | f32              | f32              |
| f16    | f16      | f16              | f16              |
| bf16   | bf16     | bf16             | bf16, f32        |
| u8, s8 | s8, u8   | u8, s8, s32, f32 | u8, s8, s32, f32 |

### Data Representation

The MatMul primitive expects the following tensors:

| Dims | Source                     | Weights                    | Destination                | Bias                                                                               |
| :--  | :--                        | :--                        | :--                        | :--                                                                                |
| 2D   | \f$M \times K\f$           | \f$K \times N\f$           | \f$M \times N\f$           | None or \f$(M \text{ or } 1) \times (N  \text{ or } 1)\f$                          |
| 3D   | \f$MB \times M \times K\f$ | \f$MB \times K \times N\f$ | \f$MB \times M \times N\f$ | None or \f$(MB \text{ or } 1) \times (M \text{ or } 1) \times (N \text{ or } 1)\f$ |

The MatMul primitive is generally optimized for the case in which memory objects
use plain memory formats (with some restrictions; see the table below).
However, it is recommended to use the placeholder memory format
 #dnnl::memory::format_tag::any if an input tensor is reused across multiple
executions. In this case, the primitive will set the most appropriate memory
format for the corresponding input tensor.

The table below shows the combinations of memory formats for which the MatMul
primitive is optimized. The memory format of the destination tensor should
always be #dnnl::memory::format_tag::ab for the 2D case and
#dnnl::memory::format_tag::abc for the 3D one.

| Dims | Logical tensors                                                             | MatMul is optimized for the following memory formats
| :--  | :--                                                                         | :--
| 2D   | Source: \f$M \times K\f$ <br> Weights: \f$K \times N\f$                     | Source: #dnnl_ab or #dnnl_ba <br> Weights: #dnnl_ab or #dnnl_ba
| 3D   | Source: \f$MB \times M \times K\f$ <br> Weights: \f$MB \times K \times N\f$ | Source: #dnnl_abc or #dnnl_acb <br> Weights: #dnnl_abc or #dnnl_acb

### Attributes and Post-ops

Attributes and post-ops enable modifying the behavior of the MatMul primitive.
The following attributes and post-ops are supported:

| Type      | Operation                                                     | Restrictions           | Description
| :--       | :--                                                           | :--                    | :--
| Attribute | [Output scales](@ref dnnl::primitive_attr::set_output_scales) |                        | Scales the result by given scale factor(s)
| Attribute | [Zero points](@ref dnnl::primitive_attr::set_zero_points)     | Int8 computations only | Sets zero point(s) for the corresponding tensors
| Post-op   | [Eltwise](@ref dnnl::post_ops::append_eltwise)                |                        | Applies an @ref dnnl_api_eltwise operation to the result
| Post-op   | [Sum](@ref dnnl::post_ops::append_sum)                        |                        | Adds the operation result to the destination tensor instead of overwriting it

To facilitate dynamic quantization, the primitive supports run-time output
scales. That means a user could configure attributes with output scales set to
the #DNNL_RUNTIME_F32_VAL wildcard value instead of the actual scales,
if the scales are not known at the primitive descriptor creation stage.
In this case, the user must provide the scales as an additional input memory
object with argument `DNNL_ARG_ATTR_OUTPUT_SCALES` during the execution stage.

Similarly to run-time output scales, the primitive supports run-time zero
points. The wildcard value for zero points is #DNNL_RUNTIME_S32_VAL. During
the execution stage, the corresponding memory object needs to be passed in the
argument with index set to
(`DNNL_ARG_ATTR_ZERO_POINTS | DNNL_ARG_${MEMORY_INDEX}`).
- For instance, source tensor zero points memory argument would be passed with
  index (`DNNL_ARG_ATTR_ZERO_POINTS | DNNL_ARG_SRC`).

@sa Please check tutorials below to see run-time attributes in use.

## Implementation Limitations

1. Check @ref dev_guide_data_types.

2. The CPU engine doesn't support `u8` data type for weights.

## Performance Tips

- Use #dnnl::memory::format_tag::any for either of the input tensors if and
  only if the shape of the corresponding tensor is fully known at creation
  time and it is possible to cache reordered tensors across multiple primitive
  executions. For instance, a good candidate for reuse are the weights tensors
  during inference: their shapes and data types are known in advance; thus
  they can be reordered during the first inference pass and can be reused
  during the subsequent passes. However, if any of the input tensors cannot be
  reused, it is best to force the primitive to use the same format as that used
  by the tensors.

## Tutorials

| Engine  | Name                               | Comments
| :--     | :--                                | :--
| CPU     | @ref cpu_sgemm_and_matmul_cpp      | @copydetails cpu_sgemm_and_matmul_cpp_short
| CPU/GPU | @ref inference_int8_matmul_cpp     | @copydetails inference_int8_matmul_cpp_short
| CPU     | @ref cpu_matmul_quantization_cpp   | @copydetails cpu_matmul_quantization_cpp_short
