doc/primitives/reorder.md, before:

Reorder {#dev_guide_reorder}
============================

>
> [API Reference](@ref dnnl_api_reorder)
>

The reorder primitive copies data between different memory formats but doesn't
change the tensor from mathematical perspective:

\f[
    dst(\overline{x}) = src(\overline{x})
\f]

As described in @ref dev_guide_basic_concepts in order to achieve the best
performance some primitives (such as convolution) require special memory format
which is typically referred as an *optimized* memory format. The *optimized*
memory format may match or may not match memory format that data is currently
kept in. In this case a user can use reorder primitive to copy (reorder) the
data between the memory formats.

Using the attributes and post-ops users can also use reorder primitive to
quantize the data (and if necessary change the memory format simultaneously).

## Implementation Details

### General Notes

1. The reorder primitive requires the source and destination tensors to have
   the same shape. Implicit broadcasting is not supported.

2. While in most of the cases the reorder should be able to handle arbitrary
   source and destination memory formats and data types it might happen than
   some combinations are not implemented. For instance:

   - Reorder implementations between weights in non-plain memory formats might
     be limited (but if encountered in real practice should be treated as a
     bug and reported to the DNNL team);

   - Weights in one Winograd format cannot be reordered to the weights of the
     other Winograd format;

   - Quantized weights for convolution with #dnnl_s8 source data type cannot
     be dequantized back to the #dnnl_f32 data type;

3. To alleviate the problem a user may rely on fact that the reorder from
   original plain memory format and user's data type to the *optimized* format
   with chosen data type should be always implemented.

### Data Types Support

The reorder primitive supports arbitrary data types for the source and
destination according to the @ref dev_guide_data_types page.

When converting the data from one data type to a smaller one
saturation is used. For instance:

~~~
    reorder(src={1024, data_type=f32}, dst={, data_type=s8})
    // dst == {127}

    reorder(src={-124, data_type=f32}, dst={, data_type=u8})
    // dst == {0}
~~~

### Data Representation

The reorder primitive works with arbitrary data tensors. There is no special
meaning associated with any logical dimensions.

### Post-ops and Attributes

The reorder primitive support the following attributes and post-ops:

| Attributes / Post-ops                                         | Meaning
| :--                                                           | :--
| [Output scales](@ref dnnl_primitive_attr_set_output_scales) | Copy and scale the data according to the scaling factors
| [Sum post-op](@ref dnnl_post_ops_append_sum)                | Instead of copy the data accumulate it to the previous data

For instance, the following pseudo-code

~~~
    reorder(
            src = {dims={N, C, H, W}, data_type=dt_src, memory_format=fmt_src},
            dst = {dims={N, C, H, W}, data_type=dt_dst, memory_format=fmt_dst},
            attr ={
                output_scale=alpha,
                post-ops = { sum={scale=beta} },
            })
~~~

would lead to the following operation:

\f[
    dst(\overline{x}) =
            \alpha \cdot src(\overline{x}) +
            \beta  \cdot dst(\overline{x})
\f]

@note The intermediate operations are being done using single precision
floating point data type.


## Implementation Limitations

1. No primitive specific limitations. Refer to @ref dev_guide_data_types for
   limitations related to data types support.


## Performance Tips

N/A

Commit message:

doc: add execution argument index table for all primitives

doc/primitives/reorder.md, after:

Reorder {#dev_guide_reorder}
============================

>
> [API Reference](@ref dnnl_api_reorder)
>

The reorder primitive copies data between different memory formats but doesn't
change the tensor from mathematical perspective:

\f[
    dst(\overline{x}) = src(\overline{x})
\f]

As described in @ref dev_guide_basic_concepts in order to achieve the best
performance some primitives (such as convolution) require special memory format
which is typically referred as an *optimized* memory format. The *optimized*
memory format may match or may not match memory format that data is currently
kept in. In this case a user can use reorder primitive to copy (reorder) the
data between the memory formats.

Using the attributes and post-ops users can also use reorder primitive to
quantize the data (and if necessary change the memory format simultaneously).

## Execution Arguments
When executed, the inputs and outputs should be mapped to an execution
argument index as specified by the following table.
| Primitive intput/output | Execution argument index |
| ---                     | ---                      |
| \f$src\f$               | DNNL_ARG_FROM            |
| \f$dst\f$               | DNNL_ARG_TO              |


## Implementation Details

### General Notes

1. The reorder primitive requires the source and destination tensors to have
   the same shape. Implicit broadcasting is not supported.

2. While in most of the cases the reorder should be able to handle arbitrary
   source and destination memory formats and data types it might happen than
   some combinations are not implemented. For instance:

   - Reorder implementations between weights in non-plain memory formats might
     be limited (but if encountered in real practice should be treated as a
     bug and reported to the DNNL team);

   - Weights in one Winograd format cannot be reordered to the weights of the
     other Winograd format;

   - Quantized weights for convolution with #dnnl_s8 source data type cannot
     be dequantized back to the #dnnl_f32 data type;

3. To alleviate the problem a user may rely on fact that the reorder from
   original plain memory format and user's data type to the *optimized* format
   with chosen data type should be always implemented.

### Data Types Support

The reorder primitive supports arbitrary data types for the source and
destination according to the @ref dev_guide_data_types page.

When converting the data from one data type to a smaller one
saturation is used. For instance:

~~~
    reorder(src={1024, data_type=f32}, dst={, data_type=s8})
    // dst == {127}

    reorder(src={-124, data_type=f32}, dst={, data_type=u8})
    // dst == {0}
~~~

### Data Representation

The reorder primitive works with arbitrary data tensors. There is no special
meaning associated with any logical dimensions.

### Post-ops and Attributes

The reorder primitive support the following attributes and post-ops:

| Attributes / Post-ops                                         | Meaning
| :--                                                           | :--
| [Output scales](@ref dnnl_primitive_attr_set_output_scales) | Copy and scale the data according to the scaling factors
| [Sum post-op](@ref dnnl_post_ops_append_sum)                | Instead of copy the data accumulate it to the previous data

For instance, the following pseudo-code

~~~
    reorder(
            src = {dims={N, C, H, W}, data_type=dt_src, memory_format=fmt_src},
            dst = {dims={N, C, H, W}, data_type=dt_dst, memory_format=fmt_dst},
            attr ={
                output_scale=alpha,
                post-ops = { sum={scale=beta} },
            })
~~~

would lead to the following operation:

\f[
    dst(\overline{x}) =
            \alpha \cdot src(\overline{x}) +
            \beta  \cdot dst(\overline{x})
\f]

@note The intermediate operations are being done using single precision
floating point data type.


## Implementation Limitations

1. No primitive specific limitations. Refer to @ref dev_guide_data_types for
   limitations related to data types support.


## Performance Tips

N/A
