doc/primitives/softmax.md, before:

Softmax {#dev_guide_softmax}
============================

>
> [API Reference](@ref dnnl_api_softmax)
>

The softmax primitive performs softmax along a particular axis on data with
arbitrary dimensions. All other axes are treated as independent (batch).

In general form, the operation is defined by the following formulas:

### Forward

\f[
    dst(\overline{ou}, c, \overline{in}) =
        \frac
        {e^{src(\overline{ou}, c, \overline{in}) - \nu(\overline{ou}, \overline{in})}}
        {
            \sum\limits_{ic}
                e^{src(\overline{ou}, ic, \overline{in}) - \nu(\overline{ou}, \overline{in})}
        },
\f]

where

- \f$c\f$ axis over which the softmax computation is computed on,
- \f$\overline{ou}\f$ is the outermost index (to the left of softmax axis),
- \f$\overline{in}\f$ is the innermost index (to the right of softmax axis), and
- \f$\nu\f$ is used to produce more accurate results and defined as:

\f[
    \nu(\overline{ou}, \overline{in}) =
        \max\limits_{ic}
        src(\overline{ou}, ic, \overline{in})
\f]

#### Difference Between Forward Training and Forward Inference

There is no difference between the #dnnl_forward_training
and #dnnl_forward_inference propagation kinds.

### Backward

The backward propagation computes
\f$\operatorname{diff\_src}(ou, c, in)\f$,
based on
\f$\operatorname{diff\_dst}(ou, c, in)\f$ and \f$dst(ou, c, in)\f$.

## Implementation Details

### General Notes

1. Both forward and backward propagation support in-place operations, meaning
   that `src` can be used as input and output for forward propagation, and
   `diff_dst` can be used as input and output for backward propagation. In case
   of in-place operation, the original data will be overwritten.

### Post-ops and Attributes

The softmax primitive doesn't support any post-ops or attributes.

### Data Type Support

The softmax primitive supports the following combinations of data types:

| Propagation        | Source / Destination
| :--                | :--
| forward / backward | f32
| forward            | f16

### Data Representation

#### Source, Destination, and Their Gradients

The softmax primitive works with arbitrary data tensors. There is no special
meaning associated with any logical dimensions. However, the softmax axis is
typically referred to as channels (hence in formulas we use \f$c\f$).


## Implementation Limitations

1. No primitive specific limitations. Refer to @ref dev_guide_data_types for
   limitations related to data types support.

## Performance Tips

1. Use in-place operations whenever possible.

2. Currently the softmax primitive is optimized for the cases where
   the dimension of the softmax axis is physically dense. For instance:
   - Optimized: 2D case, tensor \f$A \times B\f$,
                softmax axis 1 (B), format tag #dnnl_ab
   - Optimized: 4D case, tensor \f$A \times B \times C \times D\f$,
                softmax axis 3 (D), format tag #dnnl_abcd
   - Optimized: 4D case, tensor \f$A \times B \times C \times D\f$,
                softmax axis 1 (B), format tag #dnnl_abcd, and
                \f$C = D = 1\f$
   - Optimized: 4D case, tensor \f$A \times B \times C \times D\f$,
                softmax axis 1 (B), format tag #dnnl_acdb or #dnnl_aBcd16b, and
                \f$C \cdot D \ne 1\f$
   - Non-optimized: 2D case, tensor \f$A \times B\f$,
                    softmax axis 0 (A), format tag #dnnl_ab,
                    and \f$B \ne 1\f$
   - Non-optimized: 2D case, tensor \f$A \times B\f$,
                    softmax axis 1 (B), format tag #dnnl_ba,
                    and \f$A \ne 1\f$
   - Non-optimized: 4D case, tensor \f$A \times B \times C \times D\f$,
                    softmax axis 2 (C), format tag #dnnl_acdb, and
                    and \f$D \cdot B \ne 1\f$

Commit message:

doc: add execution argument index table for all primitives

doc/primitives/softmax.md, after:

Softmax {#dev_guide_softmax}
============================

>
> [API Reference](@ref dnnl_api_softmax)
>

The softmax primitive performs softmax along a particular axis on data with
arbitrary dimensions. All other axes are treated as independent (batch).

In general form, the operation is defined by the following formulas:

### Forward

\f[
    dst(\overline{ou}, c, \overline{in}) =
        \frac
        {e^{src(\overline{ou}, c, \overline{in}) - \nu(\overline{ou}, \overline{in})}}
        {
            \sum\limits_{ic}
                e^{src(\overline{ou}, ic, \overline{in}) - \nu(\overline{ou}, \overline{in})}
        },
\f]

where

- \f$c\f$ axis over which the softmax computation is computed on,
- \f$\overline{ou}\f$ is the outermost index (to the left of softmax axis),
- \f$\overline{in}\f$ is the innermost index (to the right of softmax axis), and
- \f$\nu\f$ is used to produce more accurate results and defined as:

\f[
    \nu(\overline{ou}, \overline{in}) =
        \max\limits_{ic}
        src(\overline{ou}, ic, \overline{in})
\f]

#### Difference Between Forward Training and Forward Inference

There is no difference between the #dnnl_forward_training
and #dnnl_forward_inference propagation kinds.

### Backward

The backward propagation computes
\f$\operatorname{diff\_src}(ou, c, in)\f$,
based on
\f$\operatorname{diff\_dst}(ou, c, in)\f$ and \f$dst(ou, c, in)\f$.

## Execution Arguments
When executed, the inputs and outputs should be mapped to an execution
argument index as specified by the following table.
| Primitive intput/output | Execution argument index |
| ---                     | ---                      |
| \src                    | DNNL_ARG_SRC             |
| \dst                    | DNNL_ARG_DST             |
| \diffsrc                | DNNL_ARG_DIFF_SRC        |
| \diffdst                | DNNL_ARG_DIFF_DST        |

## Implementation Details

### General Notes

1. Both forward and backward propagation support in-place operations, meaning
   that `src` can be used as input and output for forward propagation, and
   `diff_dst` can be used as input and output for backward propagation. In case
   of in-place operation, the original data will be overwritten.

### Post-ops and Attributes

The softmax primitive doesn't support any post-ops or attributes.

### Data Type Support

The softmax primitive supports the following combinations of data types:

| Propagation        | Source / Destination
| :--                | :--
| forward / backward | f32
| forward            | f16

### Data Representation

#### Source, Destination, and Their Gradients

The softmax primitive works with arbitrary data tensors. There is no special
meaning associated with any logical dimensions. However, the softmax axis is
typically referred to as channels (hence in formulas we use \f$c\f$).


## Implementation Limitations

1. No primitive specific limitations. Refer to @ref dev_guide_data_types for
   limitations related to data types support.

## Performance Tips

1. Use in-place operations whenever possible.

2. Currently the softmax primitive is optimized for the cases where
   the dimension of the softmax axis is physically dense. For instance:
   - Optimized: 2D case, tensor \f$A \times B\f$,
                softmax axis 1 (B), format tag #dnnl_ab
   - Optimized: 4D case, tensor \f$A \times B \times C \times D\f$,
                softmax axis 3 (D), format tag #dnnl_abcd
   - Optimized: 4D case, tensor \f$A \times B \times C \times D\f$,
                softmax axis 1 (B), format tag #dnnl_abcd, and
                \f$C = D = 1\f$
   - Optimized: 4D case, tensor \f$A \times B \times C \times D\f$,
                softmax axis 1 (B), format tag #dnnl_acdb or #dnnl_aBcd16b, and
                \f$C \cdot D \ne 1\f$
   - Non-optimized: 2D case, tensor \f$A \times B\f$,
                    softmax axis 0 (A), format tag #dnnl_ab,
                    and \f$B \ne 1\f$
   - Non-optimized: 2D case, tensor \f$A \times B\f$,
                    softmax axis 1 (B), format tag #dnnl_ba,
                    and \f$A \ne 1\f$
   - Non-optimized: 4D case, tensor \f$A \times B \times C \times D\f$,
                    softmax axis 2 (C), format tag #dnnl_acdb, and
                    and \f$D \cdot B \ne 1\f$
