CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing guidelines

If you have improvements to the oneDNN code, please send us your pull
requests! For getting started, see GitHub
[howto](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests).

The current guidelines are work in progress.

## Pull request checklist

Before sending your pull requests, please make sure that you followed this
list.

* If you are contributing a new compute primitive, check the
  [library functionality guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md#library_functionality_guidelines).
  It is strongly advised to first open an
  [RFC pull request](CONTRIBUTING.md#RFC_pull_requests) with a
  detailed explanation of expected use cases and performance benefits.

* Ensure that the changes are consistent with the
  [code contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md#code_contribution_guidelines).

* Check that the changes are consistent with the
  [coding style](CONTRIBUTING.md#coding_style).

* Check that [unit tests](CONTRIBUTING.md#unit_tests) pass.

## Library functionality guidelines

oneDNN focuses on functionality that satisfies all of the following
criteria:

1. *Performance*: the functionality has material impact on a workload level.
   In other words, this means that for a new primitive it should be
   demonstrated that it brings visible performance improvement to some
   workload.

2. *Generality*: the functionality is useful in a wide range of deep learning
   applications. This implies that when introducing a new primitive, its API
   needs to be general enough to be integrated into multiple deep learning
   frameworks that have similar functionality.

3. *Complexity*: it is not trivial to implement the functionality directly in
   a deep learning application.

### RFC pull requests

It is strongly advised to open an RFC pull request when contributing new
primitives. In the RFC, please provide the following details:

* The expected performance benefit. This usually best presented as a profiling
  information from a workload showing that a particular operation takes
  significant percentage of the total time and thus is a good optimization
  candidate.

* The definition of the operation as a oneDNN primitive including interface
  and semantics. It is OK to have sketches for the interface, but the
  semantics should be fairly well defined.

* If possible, provide information about similar compute operations. Sometimes
  oneDNN primitives are super-sets of operations available in the
  deep learning applications for the sake of greater portability across them.

## Code contribution guidelines

The code must be:

* *Tested*: oneDNN uses gtests for lightweight functional testing and
  benchdnn for functionality that requires both performance and functional
  testing.

* *Documented*: oneDNN uses Doxygen for inline comments in public header
  files that is used to build reference manual and markdown (also processed by
  Doxygen) for user guide.

* *Portable*: oneDNN supports different operating systems, CPU and GPU
  architectures, compilers, and run-times. The new code should be compliant
  with the [System Requirements](README.md#system-requirements).

## Coding style

The general principle is to follow the style of existing / surrounding code.

Particularly:
* Use 4-space indentation.
* Limit line length to 80 columns.
* Do put spaces after `if`, `for`, `switch`; otherwise, do not put spaces
  around braces, parenthesis, square or angle brackets.
* Do put spaces around binary arithmetic operators.
* Avoid trailing and double spaces (unless used for indentation).
* Do not indent namespaces, `private:`, `public:`, `protected:` and case
  labels.
* Keep opening brace on the same line as the statement or function.

If in doubt, use the `clang-format`:
```sh
clang-format -style=file -i foo.cpp
```
This will format code using the `_clang_format` file found in the oneDNN
top level directory.

Coding style is secondary to the general code design.

## Unit tests

oneDNN uses gtests for lightweight functional testing and benchdnn for
performance and functional testing.

Be sure to extend the existing tests when fixing an issue.

Developing new benchdnn tests can be hard, so it is a good idea to start with
gtests first.

Commit message:

doc: describe the rfc process

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing guidelines

If you have improvements to the oneDNN code, please send us your pull
requests! For getting started, see GitHub
[howto](https://help.github.com/en/articles/about-pull-requests).

The current guidelines are work in progress.

## Pull request checklist

Before sending your pull requests, please make sure that you followed this
list.

* If you are contributing a new compute primitive, check the
  [library functionality guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md#library_functionality_guidelines).
  It is strongly advised to first open an
  [RFC pull request](CONTRIBUTING.md#RFC_pull_requests) with a
  detailed explanation of expected use cases and performance benefits.

* Ensure that the changes are consistent with the
  [code contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md#code_contribution_guidelines).

* Check that the changes are consistent with the
  [coding style](CONTRIBUTING.md#coding_style).

* Check that [unit tests](CONTRIBUTING.md#unit_tests) pass.

## Library functionality guidelines

oneDNN focuses on functionality that satisfies all of the following
criteria:

1. *Performance*: the functionality has material impact on a workload level.
   In other words, this means that for a new primitive it should be
   demonstrated that it brings visible performance improvement to some
   workload.

2. *Generality*: the functionality is useful in a wide range of deep learning
   applications. This implies that when introducing a new primitive, its API
   needs to be general enough to be integrated into multiple deep learning
   frameworks that have similar functionality.

3. *Complexity*: it is not trivial to implement the functionality directly in
   a deep learning application.

### RFC pull requests

Significant library changes (new primitives, library architecture changes,
API modifications, etc) require approval from oneDNN maintainers before
opening a Pull Request with such implementation. For that we use the Request
For Comments (RFC) process, which consists of opening, discussing, and
accepting (promoting) RFC pull requests.

More information about the process can be found in the dedicated
[`rfcs`](https://github.com/oneapi-src/oneDNN/tree/rfcs) branch.

## Code contribution guidelines

The code must be:

* *Tested*: oneDNN uses gtests for lightweight functional testing and
  benchdnn for functionality that requires both performance and functional
  testing.

* *Documented*: oneDNN uses Doxygen for inline comments in public header
  files that is used to build reference manual and markdown (also processed by
  Doxygen) for user guide.

* *Portable*: oneDNN supports different operating systems, CPU and GPU
  architectures, compilers, and run-times. The new code should be compliant
  with the [System Requirements](README.md#system-requirements).

## Coding style

The general principle is to follow the style of existing / surrounding code.

Particularly:
* Use 4-space indentation.
* Limit line length to 80 columns.
* Do put spaces after `if`, `for`, `switch`; otherwise, do not put spaces
  around braces, parenthesis, square or angle brackets.
* Do put spaces around binary arithmetic operators.
* Avoid trailing and double spaces (unless used for indentation).
* Do not indent namespaces, `private:`, `public:`, `protected:` and case
  labels.
* Keep opening brace on the same line as the statement or function.

If in doubt, use the `clang-format`:
```sh
clang-format -style=file -i foo.cpp
```
This will format code using the `_clang_format` file found in the oneDNN
top level directory.

Coding style is secondary to the general code design.

## Unit tests

oneDNN uses gtests for lightweight functional testing and benchdnn for
performance and functional testing.

Be sure to extend the existing tests when fixing an issue.

Developing new benchdnn tests can be hard, so it is a good idea to start with
gtests first.
