doc/advanced/int8_computations.md, before:

Nuances of int8 Computations {#dev_guide_int8_computations}
===========================================================

> This document uses **int8** to denote 8-bit integer no matter whether it is
> signed or unsigned. To emphasize the signedness of the data type
> **u8** (`uint8_t`) or **s8** (`int8_t`) are used. In particular, if a
> primitive has two inputs the types would be written using "/". For instance:
> - int8 GEMM denotes any integer GEMM with 8-bit integer inputs, while
> - u8/s8 GEMM denotes dnnl_gemm_u8s8s32() only.

The operation primitives that work with the int8 data type
(#dnnl::memory::data_type::s8 and #dnnl::memory::data_type::u8)
typically use s32 (`int32_t`) as an intermediate data type
(#dnnl::memory::data_type::s32) to avoid integer overflows.

For instance, the int8 average [pooling](@ref dev_guide_pooling) primitive
accumulates the int8 input values in a window to an s32 accumulator, then
divides the result by the window size, and then stores the result back to the
int8 destination:

- \f$
    \dst_{s8}(...) =
        (s8)
        \Biggl(
            \Biggl(
                \sum\limits_{kh,kw}
                (s32)\src_{s8}(...)
            \Biggr)
            \div
            (kh \cdot kw)
        \Biggr)
  \f$

@note
The max pooling primitive can directly work with int8 data types.

Using an s32 accumulator is especially important for matrix-multiply such as
operation primitives that have chains of multiplication and accumulation of
int8 values. These primitives are:
 * [Convolution](@ref dev_guide_convolution)
 * Int8 GEMMs: dnnl_gemm_s8s8s32() and dnnl_gemm_u8s8s32()
 * [Inner Product](@ref dev_guide_inner_product)
 * [RNN](@ref dev_guide_rnn) with LSTM or GRU cell functions

Ideally, the semantics of these operations should be as follows:
 1. **Convert all inputs to s32 data type**.
 2. Perform the operation using s32 data type.
 3. (Optionally) [Post process](@ref dev_guide_attributes_post_ops) the data.
    This typically happens with additional data conversion to the f32 data type.
 4. (Optionally) Down-convert the result to the destination data type.

Depending on the hardware, the first step might vary slightly.

This document focuses on the first two steps (since the last two steps are
independent from the hardware used), and describes the behaviors on different
systems and the reasons behind them.

## CPU

@anchor dg_i8_comp_s11
### 1. Inputs of mixed type: u8 and s8

Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) has special instructions that enable
multiplying and adding the vectors of u8 and s8 very efficiently. oneDNN
enables int8 support using these particular instructions.

Unfortunately, these instructions do not have the counterparts that work with
vectors of the same type (either s8/s8 or u8/u8). The details for the s8/s8
case are covered in the
[2. Inputs of the same type: s8](@ref dg_i8_comp_s12) section below.

#### 1.1. Processors with the Intel AVX2 or Intel AVX-512 Support

*System examples: Intel Xeon processor E7 v3 Family (formerly Haswell),
Intel Xeon Scalable processor x1xx series (formerly Skylake).*

oneDNN implements matrix multiplication such as operations with u8 and s8
operands on the Intel AVX2 and Intel AVX512 Instruction Set by using a sequence
of `VPMADDUBSW, VPMADDWD, VPADDD` instructions [[1]](@ref dg_i8_ref_sdm):

1. `VPMADDUBSW` multiplies two pairs of u8/s8 values and accumulates the
   result into s16 (`int16_t`) with potential saturation.
2. `VPMADDWD` sums the pairs of s16 values obtained above into s32.
   Computed sum is exact.
3. `VPADDD` accumulates obtained s32 value to the accumulator.

The pseudo-code for the sequence is shown below:
~~~cpp
// Want to compute:
// c_s32 += sum{i=0..3}(a_u8[i] * b_s8[i])
int32_t u8s8s32_compute_avx512(
        uint8_t a_u8[4], int8_t b_s8[4], int32_t c_s32) {

    // Compute using VPMADDUBSW, VPMADDWD, VPADDD:
    int16_t ab_s16[4];
    for (int i = 0; i < 4; ++i)
        ab_s16[i] = (int16_t)a_u8[i] * (int16_t)b_s8[i]; // Exact computations

    int16_t VPMADDUBSW_res[2];
    VPMADDUBSW_res[0] = saturate_to_s16(ab_s16[0] + ab_s16[1]);  // CAUTION: POTENTIAL OVERFLOW / SATURATION
    VPMADDUBSW_res[1] = saturate_to_s16(ab_s16[2] + ab_s16[3]);  // CAUTION: POTENTIAL OVERFLOW / SATURATION

    c_s32 +=
        (int32_t)VPMADDUBSW_res[0] +
        (int32_t)VPMADDUBSW_res[1];

    return c_s32;
}
~~~

Note the potential saturation happening at the first step (or the snippet that
is marked with `CAUTION` in the pseudo-code). Consider the following example:

~~~cpp
    uint8_t a_u8[4] = {255, 255, 0, 0};
    int8_t  b_s8[4] = {127, 127, 0, 0};
    int32_t c_s32 = 0;

    c_s32 = u8s8s32_compute(a_u8, b_s8, c_s32);
    // c_s32 = 32767
    //       = 0
    //       + max(INT16_MIN, min(INT16_MAX, 255 * 127 + 255 * 127))
    //       + max(INT16_MIN, min(INT16_MAX,   0 *   0 +   0 *   0));
    // While one might expect 64770 = 255 * 127 + 255 * 127 + 0 * 0 + 0 * 0;
~~~

This is the major pitfall of using this sequence of instructions. As far as the
precise result is concerned, one of the possible instruction sequences would be
`VPMOVSXBW/VPMOVZXBW, VPMADDWD, VPADDD` [[1]](@ref dg_i8_ref_sdm),
where the first ones casts the s8/u8 values to s16. Unfortunately, using them
would lead to 2x lower performance.

When one input is of type u8 and the other one is of type s8, oneDNN
assumes that it is the user's responsibility to choose the quantization
parameters so that no overflow/saturation occurs. For instance, a user can use
u7 `[0, 127]` instead of u8 for the unsigned input, or s7 `[-64, 63]` instead
of the s8 one. It is worth mentioning that this is required only when the Intel
AVX2 or Intel AVX512 Instruction Set is used.

The **RNN** primitive behaves slightly differently than the convolution and
inner product primitives, or u8/s8 GEMM. Even though its hidden state is
represented by the u8 data type, the non-symmetric quantization is assumed.
Namely, the formula is:
- \f$data_{f32}[:] = \frac{1}{scale}(data_{u8}[:] - shift)\f$.

But similarly to the other primitives, the RNN primitive does not handle
potential overflows automatically. It is up to the user to specify the
appropriate quantization parameters (see
dnnl::primitive_attr::set_rnn_data_qparams() and
dnnl::primitive_attr::set_rnn_weights_qparams()).
The recommended ones are:
 - Data (hidden states) use `scale = 127`, and `shift = 128`.
 - Weights use `scale = 63 / W_max`,
   where `W_max` is \f$\max | W_{f32}[:]| {}_{} \f$.


#### 1.2. Processors with the Intel DL Boost Support

*System examples: Intel Xeon Scalable processor x2xx series
(formerly Cascade Lake).*

Intel DL Boost brings the `VPDPBUSD` instruction
[[2]](@ref dg_i8_ref_isa_ext), which enables computing the sum of four products
of s8 and u8 values. This instruction performs same computations as the sequence
of `VPMADDUBSW, VPMADDWD, VPADDD` instructions shown above, but with the major
difference that the intermediate overflow and saturation cannot occur.

In other words, `VPDPBUSD` enables you to exactly compute:
~~~cpp
// Want to compute:
// c_s32 += sum{i=0..3}(a_u8[i] * b_s8[i])
int32_t u8s8s32_compute_avx512_dl_boost(
        uint8_t a_u8[4], int8_t b_s8[4], int32_t c_s32) {

    // Compute using VPDPBUSD:
    c_s32 +=
        (int32_t)a_u8[0] * (int32_t)b_s8[0] +
        (int32_t)a_u8[1] * (int32_t)b_s8[1] +
        (int32_t)a_u8[2] * (int32_t)b_s8[2] +
        (int32_t)a_u8[3] * (int32_t)b_s8[3];

    return c_s32;
}
~~~

Since the instruction always computes the result accurately, no special
tricks are required, and operations follow the semantics shown above.

@anchor dg_i8_comp_s12
### 2. Inputs of the same type: s8

As mentioned above, with the current instruction set it is impossible to
multiply and add two vectors of the s8 data type as efficiently as it is
for the mixed case. However, in real-world applications the inputs are
typically signed.

To overcome this issue, oneDNN employs a trick: at run-time, it adds 128
to one of the s8 input to make it of type u8 instead. Once the result is
computed, oneDNN subtracts the extra value it added by replacing the s8
with u8. This subtracted value sometimes referred as a **compensation**.

Conceptually the formula is:
\f[
    Y_{s32} = X_{s8} \cdot W_{s8} = X'_{u8} \cdot W_{s8} - 128 \cdot W_{s8},
\f]

where:
- \f$ X'_{u8} = X_{s8} + 128 \f$, and
- \f$ 128 \cdot W_{s8} {}_{} \f$ is a compensation.

@note
Since s8/s8 implementations are based on u8/s8 ones, the performance of the
former might be slightly lower than the latter. The difference might vary
depending on the problem sizes, hardware, and environment, but is expected to be
in a range from 0% to 15% in most cases.

Since s8/s8 implementations are based on u8/s8 ones, they have the same
potential issue with overflow/saturation when the Intel AVX2 or Intel AVX512
Instruction Set is used. The difference between the expected and actual results
might be much greater though in this case. Consider the following example:

~~~cpp
    int8_t  a_s8[4] = {127, 127, 0, 0};
    int8_t  b_s8[4] = {127, 127, 0, 0};
    int32_t c_s32 = 0;

    // s8s8 the uses u8s8
    auto s8s8s32_compute = [](int8_t a_s8[4], int8_t b_s8[4], int32_t c_s32) {
        uint8_t a_u8[4] = { 128 + a_s8[0], ...};
        c_s32 = u8s8s32_compute(a_u8, b_s8, c_s32);

        // apply the compensation
        c_s32 +=
            - 128 * b_s8[0]
            - 128 * b_s8[1]
            - 128 * b_s8[2]
            - 128 * b_s8[3];

        return c_s32;
    };

    c_s32 = s8s8s32_compute(a_s8, b_s8, c_s32);
    // c_s32 = 255
    //       = 32767 - 128 * (127 + 127 + 0 + 0);
    // While one might expect 32258 !!!
~~~

Note that processors with no support of the Intel AVX2 and Intel AVX512
Instruction Set or with support of the Intel DL Boost Instruction Set are not
affected by these issues due to the reasons described in
[1. Inputs of mixed type: u8 and s8](@ref dg_i8_comp_s11) section above.

Different primitives solve the potential overflow differently. The overview of
the implementations are given below:

1. **Convolution** primitive. The source is treated as `X_s8`, which would be
  shifted during the execution. The compensation is precomputed by a reorder
  during quantization of the weights, and embedded into them. Finally, when the
  Intel AVX2 or Intel AVX512 Instruction Set is used the reorder additionally
  scales the weights by 0.5 to overcome the potential overflow issue. During
  the convolution execution, the result would be re-scaled back. This rescaling
  introduces an error that might insignificantly affect the inference accuracy
  (compared to a platform with the Intel DL Boost Instruction Set).

2. **s8/s8 GEMM** (dnnl_gemm_s8s8s32()) does nothing to handle the overflow
   issue. It is up to the user to prepare the data so that the
   overflow/saturation does not occur. For instance, the user can specify
   s7 `[-64, 63]` instead of s8 for the second input.

   @warning
   It would not be enough to use s7 `[-64, 63]` for the first input. The only
   possible way to avoid overflow by shrinking the range of the first input
   would be to use the range `[-128, -1]`, which is most likely meaningless.

3. The **inner product** primitive directly calls s8/s8 GEMM, so it inherits the
   behavior of the latter. The user should consider using the appropriate
   scaling factors to avoid potential issues.

4. The **RNN** primitive does not support s8/s8 inputs.


## GPU

int8 data types are not supported on GPU (see @ref dev_guide_data_types).

## References

@anchor dg_i8_ref_sdm
[1] [Intel(R) 64 and IA-32 Architectures Software Developer's Manual Combined
    Volumes 2A, 2B, 2C, and 2D: Instruction Set Reference, A-Z](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/intel-sdm.html).
    325383-070US May 2019.

@anchor dg_i8_ref_isa_ext
[2] [Intel(R) Architecture Instruction Set Extensions and Future Features
    Programming Reference](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/download/intel-architecture-instruction-set-extensions-and-future-features-programming-reference.html).
    319433-037 May 2019.
    *Chapter 2.1. VPDPBUSD — Multiply and Add Unsigned and Signed Bytes*.

@anchor dg_i8_ref_wp
[3] Rodriguez, Andres, et al.
    ["Lower numerical precision deep learning inference and training."](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/lower-numerical-precision-deep-learning-inference-and-training)
    Intel White Paper (2018).

Commit message:

doc: fix outdated information about int8 support on GPU

doc/advanced/int8_computations.md, after:

Nuances of int8 Computations {#dev_guide_int8_computations}
===========================================================

> This document uses **int8** to denote 8-bit integer no matter whether it is
> signed or unsigned. To emphasize the signedness of the data type
> **u8** (`uint8_t`) or **s8** (`int8_t`) are used. In particular, if a
> primitive has two inputs the types would be written using "/". For instance:
> - int8 GEMM denotes any integer GEMM with 8-bit integer inputs, while
> - u8/s8 GEMM denotes dnnl_gemm_u8s8s32() only.

The operation primitives that work with the int8 data type
(#dnnl::memory::data_type::s8 and #dnnl::memory::data_type::u8)
typically use s32 (`int32_t`) as an intermediate data type
(#dnnl::memory::data_type::s32) to avoid integer overflows.

For instance, the int8 average [pooling](@ref dev_guide_pooling) primitive
accumulates the int8 input values in a window to an s32 accumulator, then
divides the result by the window size, and then stores the result back to the
int8 destination:

- \f$
    \dst_{s8}(...) =
        (s8)
        \Biggl(
            \Biggl(
                \sum\limits_{kh,kw}
                (s32)\src_{s8}(...)
            \Biggr)
            \div
            (kh \cdot kw)
        \Biggr)
  \f$

@note
The max pooling primitive can directly work with int8 data types.

Using an s32 accumulator is especially important for matrix-multiply such as
operation primitives that have chains of multiplication and accumulation of
int8 values. These primitives are:
 * [Convolution](@ref dev_guide_convolution)
 * Int8 GEMMs: dnnl_gemm_s8s8s32() and dnnl_gemm_u8s8s32()
 * [Inner Product](@ref dev_guide_inner_product)
 * [RNN](@ref dev_guide_rnn) with LSTM or GRU cell functions

Ideally, the semantics of these operations should be as follows:
 1. **Convert all inputs to s32 data type**.
 2. Perform the operation using s32 data type.
 3. (Optionally) [Post process](@ref dev_guide_attributes_post_ops) the data.
    This typically happens with additional data conversion to the f32 data type.
 4. (Optionally) Down-convert the result to the destination data type.

Depending on the hardware, the first step might vary slightly.

This document focuses on the first two steps (since the last two steps are
independent from the hardware used), and describes the behaviors on different
systems and the reasons behind them.

## CPU

@anchor dg_i8_comp_s11
### 1. Inputs of mixed type: u8 and s8

Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) has special instructions that enable
multiplying and adding the vectors of u8 and s8 very efficiently. oneDNN
enables int8 support using these particular instructions.

Unfortunately, these instructions do not have the counterparts that work with
vectors of the same type (either s8/s8 or u8/u8). The details for the s8/s8
case are covered in the
[2. Inputs of the same type: s8](@ref dg_i8_comp_s12) section below.

#### 1.1. Processors with the Intel AVX2 or Intel AVX-512 Support

*System examples: Intel Xeon processor E7 v3 Family (formerly Haswell),
Intel Xeon Scalable processor x1xx series (formerly Skylake).*

oneDNN implements matrix multiplication such as operations with u8 and s8
operands on the Intel AVX2 and Intel AVX512 Instruction Set by using a sequence
of `VPMADDUBSW, VPMADDWD, VPADDD` instructions [[1]](@ref dg_i8_ref_sdm):

1. `VPMADDUBSW` multiplies two pairs of u8/s8 values and accumulates the
   result into s16 (`int16_t`) with potential saturation.
2. `VPMADDWD` sums the pairs of s16 values obtained above into s32.
   Computed sum is exact.
3. `VPADDD` accumulates obtained s32 value to the accumulator.

The pseudo-code for the sequence is shown below:
~~~cpp
// Want to compute:
// c_s32 += sum{i=0..3}(a_u8[i] * b_s8[i])
int32_t u8s8s32_compute_avx512(
        uint8_t a_u8[4], int8_t b_s8[4], int32_t c_s32) {

    // Compute using VPMADDUBSW, VPMADDWD, VPADDD:
    int16_t ab_s16[4];
    for (int i = 0; i < 4; ++i)
        ab_s16[i] = (int16_t)a_u8[i] * (int16_t)b_s8[i]; // Exact computations

    int16_t VPMADDUBSW_res[2];
    VPMADDUBSW_res[0] = saturate_to_s16(ab_s16[0] + ab_s16[1]);  // CAUTION: POTENTIAL OVERFLOW / SATURATION
    VPMADDUBSW_res[1] = saturate_to_s16(ab_s16[2] + ab_s16[3]);  // CAUTION: POTENTIAL OVERFLOW / SATURATION

    c_s32 +=
        (int32_t)VPMADDUBSW_res[0] +
        (int32_t)VPMADDUBSW_res[1];

    return c_s32;
}
~~~

Note the potential saturation happening at the first step (or the snippet that
is marked with `CAUTION` in the pseudo-code). Consider the following example:

~~~cpp
    uint8_t a_u8[4] = {255, 255, 0, 0};
    int8_t  b_s8[4] = {127, 127, 0, 0};
    int32_t c_s32 = 0;

    c_s32 = u8s8s32_compute(a_u8, b_s8, c_s32);
    // c_s32 = 32767
    //       = 0
    //       + max(INT16_MIN, min(INT16_MAX, 255 * 127 + 255 * 127))
    //       + max(INT16_MIN, min(INT16_MAX,   0 *   0 +   0 *   0));
    // While one might expect 64770 = 255 * 127 + 255 * 127 + 0 * 0 + 0 * 0;
~~~

This is the major pitfall of using this sequence of instructions. As far as the
precise result is concerned, one of the possible instruction sequences would be
`VPMOVSXBW/VPMOVZXBW, VPMADDWD, VPADDD` [[1]](@ref dg_i8_ref_sdm),
where the first ones casts the s8/u8 values to s16. Unfortunately, using them
would lead to 2x lower performance.

When one input is of type u8 and the other one is of type s8, oneDNN
assumes that it is the user's responsibility to choose the quantization
parameters so that no overflow/saturation occurs. For instance, a user can use
u7 `[0, 127]` instead of u8 for the unsigned input, or s7 `[-64, 63]` instead
of the s8 one. It is worth mentioning that this is required only when the Intel
AVX2 or Intel AVX512 Instruction Set is used.

The **RNN** primitive behaves slightly differently than the convolution and
inner product primitives, or u8/s8 GEMM. Even though its hidden state is
represented by the u8 data type, the non-symmetric quantization is assumed.
Namely, the formula is:
- \f$data_{f32}[:] = \frac{1}{scale}(data_{u8}[:] - shift)\f$.

But similarly to the other primitives, the RNN primitive does not handle
potential overflows automatically. It is up to the user to specify the
appropriate quantization parameters (see
dnnl::primitive_attr::set_rnn_data_qparams() and
dnnl::primitive_attr::set_rnn_weights_qparams()).
The recommended ones are:
 - Data (hidden states) use `scale = 127`, and `shift = 128`.
 - Weights use `scale = 63 / W_max`,
   where `W_max` is \f$\max | W_{f32}[:]| {}_{} \f$.


#### 1.2. Processors with the Intel DL Boost Support

*System examples: Intel Xeon Scalable processor x2xx series
(formerly Cascade Lake).*

Intel DL Boost brings the `VPDPBUSD` instruction
[[2]](@ref dg_i8_ref_isa_ext), which enables computing the sum of four products
of s8 and u8 values. This instruction performs same computations as the sequence
of `VPMADDUBSW, VPMADDWD, VPADDD` instructions shown above, but with the major
difference that the intermediate overflow and saturation cannot occur.

In other words, `VPDPBUSD` enables you to exactly compute:
~~~cpp
// Want to compute:
// c_s32 += sum{i=0..3}(a_u8[i] * b_s8[i])
int32_t u8s8s32_compute_avx512_dl_boost(
        uint8_t a_u8[4], int8_t b_s8[4], int32_t c_s32) {

    // Compute using VPDPBUSD:
    c_s32 +=
        (int32_t)a_u8[0] * (int32_t)b_s8[0] +
        (int32_t)a_u8[1] * (int32_t)b_s8[1] +
        (int32_t)a_u8[2] * (int32_t)b_s8[2] +
        (int32_t)a_u8[3] * (int32_t)b_s8[3];

    return c_s32;
}
~~~

Since the instruction always computes the result accurately, no special
tricks are required, and operations follow the semantics shown above.

@anchor dg_i8_comp_s12
### 2. Inputs of the same type: s8

As mentioned above, with the current instruction set it is impossible to
multiply and add two vectors of the s8 data type as efficiently as it is
for the mixed case. However, in real-world applications the inputs are
typically signed.

To overcome this issue, oneDNN employs a trick: at run-time, it adds 128
to one of the s8 input to make it of type u8 instead. Once the result is
computed, oneDNN subtracts the extra value it added by replacing the s8
with u8. This subtracted value sometimes referred as a **compensation**.

Conceptually the formula is:
\f[
    Y_{s32} = X_{s8} \cdot W_{s8} = X'_{u8} \cdot W_{s8} - 128 \cdot W_{s8},
\f]

where:
- \f$ X'_{u8} = X_{s8} + 128 \f$, and
- \f$ 128 \cdot W_{s8} {}_{} \f$ is a compensation.

@note
Since s8/s8 implementations are based on u8/s8 ones, the performance of the
former might be slightly lower than the latter. The difference might vary
depending on the problem sizes, hardware, and environment, but is expected to be
in a range from 0% to 15% in most cases.

Since s8/s8 implementations are based on u8/s8 ones, they have the same
potential issue with overflow/saturation when the Intel AVX2 or Intel AVX512
Instruction Set is used. The difference between the expected and actual results
might be much greater though in this case. Consider the following example:

~~~cpp
    int8_t  a_s8[4] = {127, 127, 0, 0};
    int8_t  b_s8[4] = {127, 127, 0, 0};
    int32_t c_s32 = 0;

    // s8s8 the uses u8s8
    auto s8s8s32_compute = [](int8_t a_s8[4], int8_t b_s8[4], int32_t c_s32) {
        uint8_t a_u8[4] = { 128 + a_s8[0], ...};
        c_s32 = u8s8s32_compute(a_u8, b_s8, c_s32);

        // apply the compensation
        c_s32 +=
            - 128 * b_s8[0]
            - 128 * b_s8[1]
            - 128 * b_s8[2]
            - 128 * b_s8[3];

        return c_s32;
    };

    c_s32 = s8s8s32_compute(a_s8, b_s8, c_s32);
    // c_s32 = 255
    //       = 32767 - 128 * (127 + 127 + 0 + 0);
    // While one might expect 32258 !!!
~~~

Note that processors with no support of the Intel AVX2 and Intel AVX512
Instruction Set or with support of the Intel DL Boost Instruction Set are not
affected by these issues due to the reasons described in
[1. Inputs of mixed type: u8 and s8](@ref dg_i8_comp_s11) section above.

Different primitives solve the potential overflow differently. The overview of
the implementations are given below:

1. **Convolution** primitive. The source is treated as `X_s8`, which would be
  shifted during the execution. The compensation is precomputed by a reorder
  during quantization of the weights, and embedded into them. Finally, when the
  Intel AVX2 or Intel AVX512 Instruction Set is used the reorder additionally
  scales the weights by 0.5 to overcome the potential overflow issue. During
  the convolution execution, the result would be re-scaled back. This rescaling
  introduces an error that might insignificantly affect the inference accuracy
  (compared to a platform with the Intel DL Boost Instruction Set).

2. **s8/s8 GEMM** (dnnl_gemm_s8s8s32()) does nothing to handle the overflow
   issue. It is up to the user to prepare the data so that the
   overflow/saturation does not occur. For instance, the user can specify
   s7 `[-64, 63]` instead of s8 for the second input.

   @warning
   It would not be enough to use s7 `[-64, 63]` for the first input. The only
   possible way to avoid overflow by shrinking the range of the first input
   would be to use the range `[-128, -1]`, which is most likely meaningless.

3. The **inner product** primitive directly calls s8/s8 GEMM, so it inherits the
   behavior of the latter. The user should consider using the appropriate
   scaling factors to avoid potential issues.

4. The **RNN** primitive does not support s8/s8 inputs.


## GPU

See @ref dev_guide_data_types for details of int8 data type support on GPU.

## References

@anchor dg_i8_ref_sdm
[1] [Intel(R) 64 and IA-32 Architectures Software Developer's Manual Combined
    Volumes 2A, 2B, 2C, and 2D: Instruction Set Reference, A-Z](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/intel-sdm.html).
    325383-070US May 2019.

@anchor dg_i8_ref_isa_ext
[2] [Intel(R) Architecture Instruction Set Extensions and Future Features
    Programming Reference](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/download/intel-architecture-instruction-set-extensions-and-future-features-programming-reference.html).
    319433-037 May 2019.
    *Chapter 2.1. VPDPBUSD — Multiply and Add Unsigned and Signed Bytes*.

@anchor dg_i8_ref_wp
[3] Rodriguez, Andres, et al.
    ["Lower numerical precision deep learning inference and training."](https://software.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/articles/lower-numerical-precision-deep-learning-inference-and-training)
    Intel White Paper (2018).
