# Input files

**Benchdnn** supports input files to specify options and problems to test. File
names specify file designation and certain file names are used in the testing
infrastructure. This is designed to sort and categorize input files content.

## File categories (based on designation)

* **shapes_\<label\>**: a file containing one or more input shapes specified as
either problem descriptor or dimensions, e.g. convolution shape
`ic16ih10oc32oh10kh3sh1ph1n"conv_1"`. Such files should contain only shapes and
cannot have any driver options specified, such as data types or directions.

* **set_\<label\>**: a file containing one or more **shapes_\<label\>** files or
other sets. Such files should contain only input shapes and cannot have any
driver options specified, such as data types or directions. The general rule is
to group single-feature inputs into a single "batch", i.e. all *topology* based
inputs, all *regression* based inputs, all 2D-spatial problems, etc.

* **option_set_\<label\>**: a file like **set_\<label\>**, but it should contain
other driver options. If no driver options are specified, it should be converted
into a **set_\<label\>** file. The general rule is to unite repeated
configurations into a single "batch", i.e. all eltwise algorithms with valid
alpha and beta values, etc.

* **harness_\<driver\>_\<label\>**: a deployable suite of configurations and
sets or shapes. Entries in a harness file may include many instances and
combinations of driver options and/or batch files, including other harnesses.
Harness *must* have the `--reset` option at the beginning of the file to avoid
option collision. The general idea is to unite multiple cases to test a single
but broad feature, e.g. attributes for a certain driver.

* **test_\<driver\>_\<label\>**: a file used for deploying correctness testing
via command-line `make <test>`. Entries in a test file are preferred to be
harnesses but may contain the same content as harness files. Test file *must*
have the `--reset` option at the beginning of the file to avoid option
collision.

* **perf_\<driver\>_\<label\>**: a file used for deploying performance testing
via command-line `make <perf>`. The content of such file is the same as for a
test file. Perf file *must* have the `--reset` option at the beginning of the
file to avoid option collision.

## Reserved labels (based on usage)

* **test_\<driver\>_ci**: These files are used in the CI testing cycle. CI is
  a thin layer targeting to cover most features available in the library for a
  single driver. To deploy benchdnn testing targets with CI inputs,
  DNNL_TEST_SET=CI or DNNL_TEST_SET=CI_NO_CORR should be specified. If no
  additional `_ci` files are present, an input file will be shared between CPU
  and GPU backend.
    * **test_\<driver\>_gpu_ci**: These files are used in CI testing for GPU
      when differentiation on input files are needed. `_ci` file in this case
      will not be used for GPU backend.

* **test_\<driver\>_smoke**: These files are used in public validation. Smoke is
  the thinnest testing cycle validating base functionality. To deploy benchdnn
  testing targets with smoke inputs, DNNL_TEST_SET=SMOKE should be specified.
  Input files are shared between CPU and GPU backend.
