tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_concat.md, before:

# Concat Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --concat [benchdnn-knobs] [concat-knobs] [concat-desc] ...
```

where *concat-knobs* are:

 - `--sdt={f32 [default], s32, s8, u8, bf16, f16}` -- src data type.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--ddt={f32 [default], s32, s8, u8, bf16, f16}` -- dst data type.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--stag={nchw:nchw [default], ...}` -- physical src memory layout.
            Refer to ``Inputs`` below.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--dtag={undef [default], ...}` -- physical dst memory layout. `undef` means
            dst will be deduced automatically from given parameters.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--axis=INT` -- dimension on which operation will be performed.
            Default is `1`; corresponds to channels in logical memory layout.

and *concat-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    NxNxNxNxN:NxNxNxNxN[:NxNxNxNxN...]
```
where N is an integer number. This represents a 3D spatial problem with the
following logical dimensions: N, C, D, H, W. Consider removing each `xN` from
the end to specify fewer dimensions.


## Inputs
The concat primitive accepts at least two input sources. That is why it has a
slightly different interface than almost every other driver. Specifying several
inputs is done via the special ':' delimiter, e.g. 2x3x2x2:2x5x2x2, which means
that two tensors of the same shape except one dimension will be concatenated.
`--stag` option must either specify a single tag (this tag will be used for all
input tensors) or specify the same number of tags as the number of tensors
delimited by ':'.


## Essence of Testing
Fill input data with integers so that an output will not overflow in f16 or bf16
data types. As no compute operations are executed, we set a zero threshold and
expect a precise answer with the reference implementation.


## Examples

Run the set of concat from concat/test_concat_all with the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --concat --batch=inputs/concat/test_concat_all
```

Run a specific concat problem with three inputs of s32 data type, with each
input in nhwc physical memory layout, with output in u8 data type and nhwc
layout, over the `h` axis, resulting in an 8x8x10x5 tensor:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --concat --sdt=s32 --ddt=u8 --stag=nhwc:nhwc:nhwc \
               --dtag=nhwc --axis=2 8x8x3x5:8x8x7x5:8x8x0x5
```

Run a specific concat problem over the `c` axis, asking to deduce the output
with the f32 data type, iterating over source data types and physical memory
layouts, resulting in a 16x48x16x16 tensor:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --concat --sdt=bf16,f32 --ddt=f32 \
               --stag=nChw16c:nChw16c,nchw:nchw --dtag=undef \
               16x16x16x16:16x32x16x16
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/concat/test_concat_all. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.

Commit message:

benchdnn: improve and update documentation
Certain level of details were moved from the main page deeper to places
where they are more relevant. Updated tables and options with more
technical details and implementation specifics. Documented some
essential benchdnn features. Introduced a general info file about
benchdnn internals, behavior and agreements.

tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_concat.md, after:

# Concat Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --concat [benchdnn-knobs] [concat-knobs] [concat-desc] ...
```

where *concat-knobs* are:

 - `--sdt={f32 [default], s32, s8, u8, bf16, f16}` -- src data type.
            Refer to [data types](knobs_dt.md) for details.
 - `--ddt={f32 [default], s32, s8, u8, bf16, f16}` -- dst data type.
            Refer to [data types](knobs_dt.md) for details.
 - `--stag={nchw:nchw [default], ...}` -- physical src memory layout.
            Refer to ``Inputs`` below.
            Refer to [tags](knobs_tag.md) for details.
 - `--dtag={undef [default], ...}` -- physical dst memory layout.
            Refer to [tags](knobs_tag.md) for details.
 - `--axis=INT` -- dimension on which operation will be performed.
            Default is `1`; corresponds to channels in logical memory layout.

and *concat-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    NxNxNxNxN:NxNxNxNxN[:NxNxNxNxN...]
```
where N is an integer number. This represents a 3D spatial problem with the
following logical dimensions: N, C, D, H, W. Consider removing each `xN` from
the end to specify fewer dimensions.


## Inputs
The concat primitive accepts at least two input sources. That is why it has a
slightly different interface than almost every other driver. Specifying several
inputs is done via the special ':' delimiter, e.g. 2x3x2x2:2x5x2x2, which means
that two tensors of the same shape except one dimension will be concatenated.
`--stag` option must either specify a single tag (this tag will be used for all
input tensors) or specify the same number of tags as the number of tensors
delimited by ':'.


## Essence of Testing
Fill input data with integers so that an output will not overflow in f16 or bf16
data types. As no compute operations are executed, we set a zero threshold and
expect a precise answer with the reference implementation.


## Examples

Run the set of concat from concat/test_concat_all with the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --concat --batch=inputs/concat/test_concat_all
```

Run a specific concat problem with three inputs of s32 data type, with each
input in nhwc physical memory layout, with output in u8 data type and nhwc
layout, over the `h` axis, resulting in an 8x8x10x5 tensor:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --concat --sdt=s32 --ddt=u8 --stag=nhwc:nhwc:nhwc \
               --dtag=nhwc --axis=2 8x8x3x5:8x8x7x5:8x8x0x5
```

Run a specific concat problem over the `c` axis, asking to deduce the output
with the f32 data type, iterating over source data types and physical memory
layouts, resulting in a 16x48x16x16 tensor:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --concat --sdt=bf16,f32 --ddt=f32 \
               --stag=nChw16c:nChw16c,nchw:nchw --dtag=undef \
               16x16x16x16:16x32x16x16
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/concat/test_concat_all. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.
