tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_reorder.md, before:

# Reorder Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --reorder [benchdnn-knobs] [reorder-knobs] [reorder-desc] ...
```

where *reorder-knobs* are:

 - `--sdt={f32 [default], s32, s8, u8, bf16, f16}` -- src data type.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--ddt={f32 [default], s32, s8, u8, bf16, f16}` -- dst data type.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--stag={nchw [default], ...}` -- physical src memory layout.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--dtag={nchw [default], ...}` -- physical dst memory layout.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--attr="attr_str"` -- primitive attributes, default `""` (no attributes).
            Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md) for details.
 - `--def-scales={N1[,N2][,N3]...}` -- input scales, separated by ','.
            Example: 0.125, 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 8
 - `--alg={reference [default], bootstrap}` -- reorder testing mode. `bootstrap`
            tests memory with weights compensation.
 - `--oflag={none [default], conv_s8s8, gconv_s8s8}` -- memory descriptor extra
            field specifier. Also sets compensation mask based on the flag
            value. Only applicable when `--alg=bootstrap`.

and *reorder-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    NxNxNxNxN
```
where N is an integer number. This represents a 3D spatial problem with the
following logical dimensions: N, C, D, H, W. Consider removing each `xN` from
the end to specify fewer dimensions.


## Essence of Testing
TBA.


## Examples

Run the reorder set from an input file with the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --reorder --batch=inputs/reorder/test_reorder_all
```

Run two specific reorders with s8 src and dst data type, bootstrap algorithm,
and specific input and output physical memory layouts. First problem without
a flag; second problem with the `conv_s8s8` flag:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --reorder --alg=bootstrap --sdt=s8 --ddt=s8 \
               --stag=hwio --dtag=OIhw4i16o4i 32x32x3x3 \
               --oflag=conv_s8s8 16x32x7x5
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/reorder/test_reorder_all. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.

Commit message:

benchdnn: new attribute options
Compatible API change. Introduce new options with slight change in option names.
New attributes allow iterate over attribute groups and keep aligned acrhitecture
with other driver options.

tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_reorder.md, after:

# Reorder Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --reorder [benchdnn-knobs] [reorder-knobs] [reorder-desc] ...
```

where *reorder-knobs* are:

 - `--sdt={f32 [default], s32, s8, u8, bf16, f16}` -- src data type.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--ddt={f32 [default], s32, s8, u8, bf16, f16}` -- dst data type.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--stag={nchw [default], ...}` -- physical src memory layout.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--dtag={nchw [default], ...}` -- physical dst memory layout.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--attr-oscale="STRING"` -- output scale primitive attribute. No oscale is
            set by default. Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md) for details.
 - `--attr-zero-points="STRING"` -- zero points primitive attribute. No zero
            points are set by default. Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md)
            for details.
 - `--attr-post-ops="STRING"` -- post operation primitive attribute. No post
            operations are set by default. Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md)
            for details.
 - `--def-scales={N1[,N2][,N3]...}` -- input scales, separated by ','.
            Example: 0.125, 0.25, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 8
 - `--alg={reference [default], bootstrap}` -- reorder testing mode. `bootstrap`
            tests memory with weights compensation.
 - `--oflag={none [default], conv_s8s8, gconv_s8s8}` -- memory descriptor extra
            field specifier. Also sets compensation mask based on the flag
            value. Only applicable when `--alg=bootstrap`.

and *reorder-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    NxNxNxNxN
```
where N is an integer number. This represents a 3D spatial problem with the
following logical dimensions: N, C, D, H, W. Consider removing each `xN` from
the end to specify fewer dimensions.


## Essence of Testing
TBA.


## Examples

Run the reorder set from an input file with the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --reorder --batch=inputs/reorder/test_reorder_all
```

Run two specific reorders with s8 src and dst data type, bootstrap algorithm,
and specific input and output physical memory layouts. First problem without
a flag; second problem with the `conv_s8s8` flag:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --reorder --alg=bootstrap --sdt=s8 --ddt=s8 \
               --stag=hwio --dtag=OIhw4i16o4i 32x32x3x3 \
               --oflag=conv_s8s8 16x32x7x5
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/reorder/test_reorder_all. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.
