tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_lnorm.md, before:

# Layer Normalization Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lnorm [benchdnn-knobs] [lnorm-knobs] [lnorm-desc] ...
```

where *lnorm-knobs* are:

 - `--dir={FWD_D [default], FWD_I, BWD_D, BWD_DW}` -- dnnl_prop_kind_t.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--dt={f32 [default]}` -- src and dst data types.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--tag={tnc [default], ...}` -- physical src and dst memory format.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--stat_tag={tn [default], ...}` -- physical mean and variance memory format.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--flags=[|G|S]` -- layer normalization flags, default `none`; where
            multiple simultaneous flags are supported.
            `G` is dnnl_use_global_stats;
            `S` is dnnl_use_scaleshift;
            Refer to ``doc/primitives/layer_normalization.md`` for details.
 - `--inplace=BOOL` -- memory mode for the primitive. If `true`, it uses input
            memory as output, otherwise, input and output are separate.
            Default is `false`.

and *lnorm-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    NxNxN
```
where N is an integer number. This represents a problem with the
following logical dimensions: T, N, C. Consider removing each `xN` from
the end to specify fewer dimensions.

There are default values for some entities in case they were not specified:
 - eps = 1./16;

## Essence of Testing
TBA.


## Examples

Run a set of lnorms from an input file, using the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lnorm --batch=inputs/lnorm/lnorm_all
```

Run a named problem with single precision src/dst, iterating by:
1) Src/dst memory formats
2) Statistics memory formats
3) forward training, backward by data and weights prop_kinds,
4) all flag combinations:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lnorm --dt=f32 --tag=tnc,ntc --stat_tag=tn,nt\
               --dir=FWD_D,BWD_DW --flags=GS,S \
               8x32x1024
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/lnorm/test_lnorm_all. Examples with different driver descriptors can be
found at inputs/lnorm/lnorm_***. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.

Commit message:

benchdnn: improve and update documentation
Certain level of details were moved from the main page deeper to places
where they are more relevant. Updated tables and options with more
technical details and implementation specifics. Documented some
essential benchdnn features. Introduced a general info file about
benchdnn internals, behavior and agreements.

tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_lnorm.md, after:

# Layer Normalization Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lnorm [benchdnn-knobs] [lnorm-knobs] [lnorm-desc] ...
```

where *lnorm-knobs* are:

 - `--dir={FWD_D [default], FWD_I, BWD_D, BWD_DW}` -- dnnl_prop_kind_t.
            Refer to [direction](knobs_dir.md) for details.
 - `--dt={f32 [default]}` -- src and dst data types.
            Refer to [data types](knobs_dt.md) for details.
 - `--tag={tnc [default], ...}` -- physical src and dst memory format.
            Refer to [tags](knobs_tag.md) for details.
 - `--stat_tag={tn [default], ...}` -- physical mean and variance memory format.
            Refer to [tags](knobs_tag.md) for details.
 - `--flags=[|G|S]` -- layer normalization flags, default `none`; where
            multiple simultaneous flags are supported.
            `G` is dnnl_use_global_stats;
            `S` is dnnl_use_scaleshift;
            Refer to [layer normalization primitive](https://oneapi-src.github.io/oneDNN/dev_guide_layer_normalization.html)
            for details.
 - `--inplace=BOOL` -- memory mode for the primitive. If `true`, it uses input
            memory as output, otherwise, input and output are separate.
            Default is `false`.

and *lnorm-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    NxNxN
```
where N is an integer number. This represents a problem with the
following logical dimensions: T, N, C. Consider removing each `xN` from
the end to specify fewer dimensions.

## Essence of Testing
TBA.


## Examples

Run a set of lnorms from an input file, using the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lnorm --batch=inputs/lnorm/lnorm_all
```

Run a named problem with single precision src/dst, iterating by:
1) Src/dst memory formats
2) Statistics memory formats
3) forward training, backward by data and weights prop_kinds,
4) all flag combinations:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lnorm --dt=f32 --tag=tnc,ntc --stat_tag=tn,nt \
               --dir=FWD_D,BWD_DW --flags=GS,S 8x32x1024
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/lnorm/test_lnorm_all. Examples with different driver descriptors can be
found at inputs/lnorm/lnorm_***. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.
