tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_pool.md, before:

# Pooling Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --pool [benchdnn-knobs] [pool-knobs] [pool-desc] ...
```

where *pool-knobs* are:

 - `--dir={FWD_D [default], FWD_I, BWD_D}` -- dnnl_prop_kind_t.
            Refer to [direction](knobs_dir.md) for details.
 - `--cfg={f32 [default], ...}` -- Refer to ``Configurations`` below.
 - `--tag={nchw [default], ...}` -- physical src and dst memory layout.
            Refer to [tags](knobs_tag.md) for details.
 - `--alg={MAX [default], AVG_NP, AVG_P}` -- pooling algorithm.
            `MAX` is dnnl_pooling_max;
            `AVG_NP` is dnnl_pooling_avg_exclude_padding;
            `AVG_P` is dnnl_pooling_avg_include_padding;
            Refer to [pooling primitive](https://oneapi-src.github.io/oneDNN/dev_guide_pooling.html)
            for details.
 - `--mb=INT` -- override minibatch size specified in the problem description.
             When set to `0`, use minibatch size as defined by the individual
             problem descriptor. The default is `0`.

and *pool-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    mbXicX_idXihXiwX_odXohXowX_kdXkhXkwX_sdXshXswX_pdXphXpwX_nS
```
Refer to [descriptor](knobs_desc.md) for details. Input shape and kernel size
are mandatory inputs. Output shape and padding may be deduced based on the
values provided.

## Precision Configurations

`--cfg` option specifies what [data types](knobs_dt.md) will be used for a
problem. It is implicit for the integer type saturation. This option also
defines the threshold for computation errors.

The table below shows supported name configurations for this driver:

| src/dst | cfg  | notes
|:---     |:---  |:---
| f32     | f32  | TBA.
| s32     | s32  |
| f16     | f16  |
| bf16    | bf16 |
| s8      | s8   |
| u8      | u8   |


## Essence of Testing
MAX algorithm: Fill input data with integers and expect an integer answer.
AVG_P algorithm: Fill input data with integers, divisible by the kernel size,
            and expect an integer answer.
AVG_NP algorithm: Fill input data with integers, divisible by the kernel size,
            but expect a float answer due to boarder points have different
            kernel shapes applied to the same point.


## Examples

Run a set of poolings from an input file with the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --pool --batch=inputs/pool/pool_2d_all
```

Run a named problem with single precision src/dst, iterating by:
1) both blocked memory layouts, where channel blocking equals 8 and 16,
2) both forward training, inference and backward by data prop_kind,
3) all algorithm combinations,
4) using default minibatch of 96 and 5:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --pool --cfg=f32 --tag=nChw8c,nChw16c \
               --dir=FWD_D,FWD_I,BWD_D --alg=MAX,AVG_NP,AVG_P --mb=0,5 \
               mb96ic768_ih17oh17_kh3sh1ph1n"googlenet_v3:ave_pool_mixed_4_pool"
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/pool/test_pool_all. Examples with different driver descriptors can be
found at inputs/pool/pool_***. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.

Commit message:

src, tests: pooling: add binary post op support

tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_pool.md, after:

# Pooling Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --pool [benchdnn-knobs] [pool-knobs] [pool-desc] ...
```

where *pool-knobs* are:

 - `--dir={FWD_D [default], FWD_I, BWD_D}` -- dnnl_prop_kind_t.
            Refer to [direction](knobs_dir.md) for details.
 - `--cfg={f32 [default], ...}` -- Refer to ``Configurations`` below.
 - `--tag={nchw [default], ...}` -- physical src and dst memory layout.
            Refer to [tags](knobs_tag.md) for details.
 - `--alg={MAX [default], AVG_NP, AVG_P}` -- pooling algorithm.
            `MAX` is dnnl_pooling_max;
            `AVG_NP` is dnnl_pooling_avg_exclude_padding;
            `AVG_P` is dnnl_pooling_avg_include_padding;
            Refer to [pooling primitive](https://oneapi-src.github.io/oneDNN/dev_guide_pooling.html)
            for details.
 - `--attr-post-ops="STRING"` -- post operation primitive attribute. No post
            operations are set by default. Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md)
            for details.
 - `--mb=INT` -- override minibatch size specified in the problem description.
             When set to `0`, use minibatch size as defined by the individual
             problem descriptor. The default is `0`.

and *pool-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    mbXicX_idXihXiwX_odXohXowX_kdXkhXkwX_sdXshXswX_pdXphXpwX_nS
```
Refer to [descriptor](knobs_desc.md) for details. Input shape and kernel size
are mandatory inputs. Output shape and padding may be deduced based on the
values provided.

## Precision Configurations

`--cfg` option specifies what [data types](knobs_dt.md) will be used for a
problem. It is implicit for the integer type saturation. This option also
defines the threshold for computation errors.

The table below shows supported name configurations for this driver:

| src/dst | cfg  | notes
|:---     |:---  |:---
| f32     | f32  | TBA.
| s32     | s32  |
| f16     | f16  |
| bf16    | bf16 |
| s8      | s8   |
| u8      | u8   |


## Essence of Testing
MAX algorithm: Fill input data with integers and expect an integer answer.
AVG_P algorithm: Fill input data with integers, divisible by the kernel size,
            and expect an integer answer.
AVG_NP algorithm: Fill input data with integers, divisible by the kernel size,
            but expect a float answer due to boarder points have different
            kernel shapes applied to the same point.


## Examples

Run a set of poolings from an input file with the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --pool --batch=inputs/pool/pool_2d_all
```

Run a named problem with single precision src/dst, iterating by:
1) both blocked memory layouts, where channel blocking equals 8 and 16,
2) both forward training, inference and backward by data prop_kind,
3) all algorithm combinations,
4) using default minibatch of 96 and 5:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --pool --cfg=f32 --tag=nChw8c,nChw16c \
               --dir=FWD_D,FWD_I,BWD_D --alg=MAX,AVG_NP,AVG_P --mb=0,5 \
               mb96ic768_ih17oh17_kh3sh1ph1n"googlenet_v3:ave_pool_mixed_4_pool"
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/pool/test_pool_all. Examples with different driver descriptors can be
found at inputs/pool/pool_***. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.
