tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_ip.md, before:

# Inner Product Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --ip [benchdnn-knobs] [ip-knobs] [ip-desc] ...
```

where *ip-knobs* are:

 - `--dir={FWD_B [default], FWD_D, FWD_I, BWD_D, BWD_W, BWD_WB}`
            -- dnnl_prop_kind_t. Refer to the common glossary in README.md for
            details.
 - `--cfg={f32 [default], ...}` -- refer to ``Configurations`` in
            driver_conv.md.
 - `--stag={any [default], ...}` -- physical src memory layout.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--wtag={any [default], ...}` -- physical wei memory layout.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--dtag={any [default], ...}` -- physical dst memory layout.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--attr-oscale="STRING"` -- output scale primitive attribute. No oscale is
            set by default. Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md) for details.
 - `--attr-post-ops="STRING"` -- post operation primitive attribute. No post
            operations are set by default. Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md)
            for details.
 - `--mb=INT` -- override minibatch size specified in the problem description.
             When set to `0`, use minibatch size as defined by the individual
             problem descriptor. The default is `0`.

and *ip-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    mbXicXidXihXiwXocXnS
```
Here `X` is an integer number and `S` is a string literal without spaces (`n`
stands for name). The special symbol `_` is ignored, so it may be used as a
delimiter for better readability. Refer to the common glossary in README.md for
the entity name and description.

There are default values for some entities in case they were not specified:
 - mb = 2;


## Essence of Testing
TBA.


## Examples

Run the set of ip from inputs/ip/ip_all file with default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --ip --batch=inputs/ip/ip_all
```

Run a named problem with single precision src and dst, backward by data
prop_kind, applying output scale of `2.25`, appending the result into dst with
output scale of `0.5`, and applying tanh as a post op:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --ip --dir=BWD_D -attr-oscale="common:2.25" \
               --attr-post-ops="'sum:0.5;tanh'" \
               mb112ic2048_ih1iw1_oc1000_n"resnet:ip1"
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/ip/test_ip_all. Examples with different driver descriptors can be found
at inputs/ip/ip_***. Examples with different benchdnn options can be found at
driver_conv.md.

Commit message:

benchdnn: improve and update documentation
Certain level of details were moved from the main page deeper to places
where they are more relevant. Updated tables and options with more
technical details and implementation specifics. Documented some
essential benchdnn features. Introduced a general info file about
benchdnn internals, behavior and agreements.

tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_ip.md, after:

# Inner Product Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --ip [benchdnn-knobs] [ip-knobs] [ip-desc] ...
```

where *ip-knobs* are:

 - `--dir={FWD_B [default], FWD_D, FWD_I, BWD_D, BWD_W, BWD_WB}`
            -- dnnl_prop_kind_t. Refer to [direction](knobs_dir.md) for details.
 - `--cfg={f32 [default], ...}` -- refer to ``Configurations`` in
            driver_conv.md.
 - `--stag={any [default], ...}` -- physical src memory layout.
            Refer to [tags](knobs_tag.md) for details.
 - `--wtag={any [default], ...}` -- physical wei memory layout.
            Refer to [tags](knobs_tag.md) for details.
 - `--dtag={any [default], ...}` -- physical dst memory layout.
            Refer to [tags](knobs_tag.md) for details.
 - `--attr-oscale="STRING"` -- output scale primitive attribute. No oscale is
            set by default. Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md) for details.
 - `--attr-post-ops="STRING"` -- post operation primitive attribute. No post
            operations are set by default. Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md)
            for details.
 - `--mb=INT` -- override minibatch size specified in the problem description.
             When set to `0`, use minibatch size as defined by the individual
             problem descriptor. The default is `0`.

and *ip-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    mbX_icXidXihXiwX_ocX_nS
```
Refer to [descriptor](knobs_desc.md) for details.

## Essence of Testing
TBA.


## Examples

Run the set of ip from inputs/ip/ip_all file with default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --ip --batch=inputs/ip/ip_all
```

Run a named problem with single precision src and dst, backward by data
prop_kind, applying output scale of `2.25`, appending the result into dst with
output scale of `0.5`, and applying tanh as a post op:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --ip --dir=BWD_D -attr-oscale="common:2.25" \
               --attr-post-ops="'sum:0.5;tanh'" \
               mb112ic2048_ih1iw1_oc1000_n"resnet:ip1"
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/ip/test_ip_all. Examples with different driver descriptors can be found
at inputs/ip/ip_***. Examples with different benchdnn options can be found at
driver_conv.md.
