tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_bnorm.md, before:

# Batch Normalization Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --bnorm [benchdnn-knobs] [bnorm-knobs] [bnorm-desc] ...
```

where *bnorm-knobs* are:

 - `--dir={FWD_D [default], FWD_I, BWD_D, BWD_DW}` -- dnnl_prop_kind_t.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--dt={f32 [default], s8, bf16, f16}` -- src and dst data types.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--tag={nchw [default], ...}` -- physical src and dst memory layout.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--flags=[|G|S|R]` -- batch normalization flags, default `none`; where
            multiple simultaneous flags are supported.
            `G` is dnnl_use_global_stats;
            `S` is dnnl_use_scaleshift;
            `R` is dnnl_fuse_norm_relu;
            Refer to ``doc/primitives/batch_normalization.md`` for details.
 - `--attr="attr_str"` -- primitive attributes, default `""` (no attributes).
            Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md) for details.
 - `--inplace=BOOL` -- memory mode for the primitive. If `true`, it uses input
            memory as output, otherwise, input and output are separate.
            Default is `true`.
 - `--debug-check-ws=BOOL` -- checks if workspace has correct values. Feature is
            based on internal knowledge of a library implementation. The default
            is `false`.
 - `--mb=INT` -- override minibatch size specified in the problem description.
             When set to `0`, use minibatch size as defined by the individual
             problem descriptor. The default is `0`.
 - `--match=REGEXP` -- run only problems that match the regular expression
            `REGEXP`. By default there is no pattern applied. Note: Windows may
            interpret only string arguments surrounded by double quotation
            marks.

and *bnorm-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    mbXicX_idXihXiwX_epsY_nS
```
Here `X` is an integer number, `Y` is a real number, and `S` is a string literal
without spaces (`n` stands for name). The special symbol `_` is ignored, so it
may be used as a delimiter for better readability. Refer to the common glossary
in README.md for the entity name and description.

There are default values for some entities in case they were not specified:
 - mb = 2;
 - eps = 1./16;
There are also implicit rules:
 - Values for smaller dimensions may be copied from the biggest.


## Essence of Testing
TBA.


## Examples

Run a set of bnorms from an input file, using the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --bnorm --batch=inputs/bnorm/bnorm_resnet_50
```

Run a named problem with single precision src/dst, skipping all problems that
use the reference implementation, iterating by:
1) blocked memory layouts, where channel blocking equals 8 and 16,
2) forward training, backward by data and weights prop_kinds,
3) all flag combinations:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --bnorm --dt=f32 --skip-impl=ref --tag=nChw8c,nChw16c \
               --dir=FWD_D,BWD_D,BWD_DW --flags=SR,GS,S \
               mb96_ic192_ih71iw71_n"googlenet_v3:conv_4_4_batchnorm"
```

Run a set of 3D spatial bnorms with s8 src/dst data_type, inference prop_kind,
plain physical memory layout with dense channels, and all three flags specified:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --bnorm --dt=s8 --tag=ndhwc --dir=FWD_I \
               --flags=GSR --batch=bnorm_3d
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/bnorm/test_bnorm_all. Examples with different driver descriptors can be
found at inputs/bnorm/bnorm_***. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.

Commit message:

benchdnn: new attribute options
Compatible API change. Introduce new options with slight change in option names.
New attributes allow iterate over attribute groups and keep aligned acrhitecture
with other driver options.

tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_bnorm.md, after:

# Batch Normalization Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --bnorm [benchdnn-knobs] [bnorm-knobs] [bnorm-desc] ...
```

where *bnorm-knobs* are:

 - `--dir={FWD_D [default], FWD_I, BWD_D, BWD_DW}` -- dnnl_prop_kind_t.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--dt={f32 [default], s8, bf16, f16}` -- src and dst data types.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--tag={nchw [default], ...}` -- physical src and dst memory layout.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--flags=[|G|S|R]` -- batch normalization flags, default `none`; where
            multiple simultaneous flags are supported.
            `G` is dnnl_use_global_stats;
            `S` is dnnl_use_scaleshift;
            `R` is dnnl_fuse_norm_relu;
            Refer to ``doc/primitives/batch_normalization.md`` for details.
 - `--attr-post-ops="STRING"` -- post operation primitive attribute. No post
            operations are set by default. Refer to [attributes](knobs_attr.md)
            for details.
 - `--inplace=BOOL` -- memory mode for the primitive. If `true`, it uses input
            memory as output, otherwise, input and output are separate.
            Default is `true`.
 - `--debug-check-ws=BOOL` -- checks if workspace has correct values. Feature is
            based on internal knowledge of a library implementation. The default
            is `false`.
 - `--mb=INT` -- override minibatch size specified in the problem description.
             When set to `0`, use minibatch size as defined by the individual
             problem descriptor. The default is `0`.
 - `--match=REGEXP` -- run only problems that match the regular expression
            `REGEXP`. By default there is no pattern applied. Note: Windows may
            interpret only string arguments surrounded by double quotation
            marks.

and *bnorm-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    mbXicX_idXihXiwX_epsY_nS
```
Here `X` is an integer number, `Y` is a real number, and `S` is a string literal
without spaces (`n` stands for name). The special symbol `_` is ignored, so it
may be used as a delimiter for better readability. Refer to the common glossary
in README.md for the entity name and description.

There are default values for some entities in case they were not specified:
 - mb = 2;
 - eps = 1./16;
There are also implicit rules:
 - Values for smaller dimensions may be copied from the biggest.


## Essence of Testing
TBA.


## Examples

Run a set of bnorms from an input file, using the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --bnorm --batch=inputs/bnorm/bnorm_resnet_50
```

Run a named problem with single precision src/dst, skipping all problems that
use the reference implementation, iterating by:
1) blocked memory layouts, where channel blocking equals 8 and 16,
2) forward training, backward by data and weights prop_kinds,
3) all flag combinations:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --bnorm --dt=f32 --skip-impl=ref --tag=nChw8c,nChw16c \
               --dir=FWD_D,BWD_D,BWD_DW --flags=SR,GS,S \
               mb96_ic192_ih71iw71_n"googlenet_v3:conv_4_4_batchnorm"
```

Run a set of 3D spatial bnorms with s8 src/dst data_type, inference prop_kind,
plain physical memory layout with dense channels, and all three flags specified:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --bnorm --dt=s8 --tag=ndhwc --dir=FWD_I \
               --flags=GSR --batch=bnorm_3d
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/bnorm/test_bnorm_all. Examples with different driver descriptors can be
found at inputs/bnorm/bnorm_***. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.
