tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_lrn.md, before:

# Local Response Normalization Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lrn [benchdnn-knobs] [lrn-knobs] [lrn-desc] ...
```

where *lrn-knobs* are:

 - `--dir={FWD_D [default], BWD_D}` -- dnnl_prop_kind_t.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--dt={f32 [default], bf16, f16}` -- src and dst data types.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--tag={nchw [default], ...}` -- physical src and dst memory layout.
            Refer to the common glossary in README.md for details.
 - `--alg={ACROSS [default], WITHIN}` -- lrn algorithm.
            `ACROSS` is dnnl_lrn_across_channels;
            `WITHIN` is dnnl_lrn_within_channel;
            Refer to ``doc/primitives/lrn.md`` for details.
 - `--mb=INT` -- override minibatch size specified in the problem description.
             When set to `0`, use minibatch size as defined by the individual
             problem descriptor. The default is `0`.

and *lrn-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    mbXicX_idXihXiwX_lsX_alphaY_betaY_kY_nS
```
Here `X` is an integer number, `Y` is a real number, and `S` is a string literal
without spaces (`n` stands for name). The special symbol `_` is ignored, so it
may be used as a delimiter for better readability. `ls` is lrn local_size,
`alpha` is lrn_alpha, `beta` is lrn_beta, and `k` is lrn_k. Refer to the common
glossary in README.md for the entity name and description.

There are default values for some entities in case they were not specified:
 - mb = 2;
 - ls = 5;
 - alpha = 0.0001;
 - beta = 0.75;
 - k = 1;

There are also implicit rules:
 - Values for smaller dimensions may be copied from the biggest.


## Essence of Testing
Fill input data with integers so that an output will not overflow in the f16 or
bf16 data types.


## Examples

Run a set of lrns from an input file with the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lrn --batch=inputs/lrn/lrn_2d_all
```

Run a named problem with single precision src/dst, iterating by:
1) memory layouts, plain and blocked, where channel blocking equals 8 and 16,
2) both forward training and backward by data,
3) both algorithms supported:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lrn --dt=f32 --tag=nchw,nChw8c,nChw16c \
               --dir=FWD_D,BWD_D --alg=ACROSS,WITHIN \
               mb256ic96_ih55n"alexnet:norm1"
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/lrn/test_lrn_all. Examples with different driver descriptors can be
found at inputs/lrn/lrn_***. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.

Commit message:

benchdnn: improve and update documentation
Certain level of details were moved from the main page deeper to places
where they are more relevant. Updated tables and options with more
technical details and implementation specifics. Documented some
essential benchdnn features. Introduced a general info file about
benchdnn internals, behavior and agreements.

tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_lrn.md, after:

# Local Response Normalization Driver

## Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lrn [benchdnn-knobs] [lrn-knobs] [lrn-desc] ...
```

where *lrn-knobs* are:

 - `--dir={FWD_D [default], BWD_D}` -- dnnl_prop_kind_t.
            Refer to [direction](knobs_dir.md) for details.
 - `--dt={f32 [default], bf16, f16}` -- src and dst data types.
            Refer to [data types](knobs_dt.md) for details.
 - `--tag={nchw [default], ...}` -- physical src and dst memory layout.
            Refer to [tags](knobs_tag.md) for details.
 - `--alg={ACROSS [default], WITHIN}` -- lrn algorithm.
            `ACROSS` is dnnl_lrn_across_channels;
            `WITHIN` is dnnl_lrn_within_channel;
            Refer to [LRN primitive](https://oneapi-src.github.io/oneDNN/dev_guide_lrn.html)
            for details.
 - `--mb=INT` -- override minibatch size specified in the problem description.
             When set to `0`, use minibatch size as defined by the individual
             problem descriptor. The default is `0`.

and *lrn-desc* is a problem descriptor. The canonical form is:
```
    mbXicX_idXihXiwX_lsX_alphaF_betaF_kF_nS
```
Refer to [descriptor](knobs_desc.md) for details. `lsX` stands for LRN local
size value and accepts integer X values. The default is `5`. `alphaF` stands for
LRN alpha scale and accepts float F values. The default is `1.f / 8192`. `betaF`
stands for LRN beta power and accepts float F values. The default is `0.75f`.
`kF` stands for LRN k shift and accept float F values. The default is `1.f`.
Refer to [LRN primitive](https://oneapi-src.github.io/oneDNN/dev_guide_lrn.html)
for details.

## Essence of Testing
Fill input data with integers so that an output will not overflow in the f16 or
bf16 data types.


## Examples

Run a set of lrns from an input file with the default settings:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lrn --batch=inputs/lrn/lrn_2d_all
```

Run a named problem with single precision src/dst, iterating by:
1) memory layouts, plain and blocked, where channel blocking equals 8 and 16,
2) both forward training and backward by data,
3) both algorithms supported:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --lrn --dt=f32 --tag=nchw,nChw8c,nChw16c \
               --dir=FWD_D,BWD_D --alg=ACROSS,WITHIN \
               mb256ic96_ih55n"alexnet:norm1"
```

More examples with different driver options can be found at
inputs/lrn/test_lrn_all. Examples with different driver descriptors can be
found at inputs/lrn/lrn_***. Examples with different benchdnn options can be
found at driver_conv.md.
