tests/benchdnn/doc/knobs_attr.md, before:

# Attributes

## Usage
```
    --attr-oscale=POLICY[:SCALE[*]]
    --attr-scales=ARG:POLICY[:SCALE][_...]
    --attr-zero-points=ARG:ZEROPOINT[*][_...]
    --attr-post-ops='SUM[:SCALE[:DATA_TYPE]];'
                    'ELTWISE[:ALPHA[:BETA[:SCALE]]];[...;]'
                    'DW_K3S1P1[:DST_DT[:OUTPUTSCALE]];'
                    'DW_K3S2P1[:DST_DT[:OUTPUTSCALE]];'
                    'BINARY:DT[:POLICY];'
```

`--attr-oscale` defines output scale primitive attribute. `POLICY` specifies the
way scale values will be applied to the output tensor. `SCALE` is optional
argument, parsed as a real number that specifies either a common output scale
(for `common` policy) or a starting point for a policy with non-zero mask
(e.g. `per_oc`), which uses many scales. The default scale is `1.0`. Asterisk
mark (`*`) is an optional addition to `SCALE` indicating the scales will be
passed to a primitive at run-time.

`POLICY` supported values are:
  - `none`       (the default) means no output scale is applied.
  - `common`     corresponds to `mask = 0` and means a whole tensor will be
                 multiplied by a single SCALE value.
  - `per_oc`     corresponds to `mask = 1 << 1` and means elements of dim1 will
                 be multiplied by scale factors different for each point. Number
                 of scale factors equals to dims[1].
  - `per_dim_0`  corresponds to `mask = 1 << 0` and means elements of dim0 will
                 be multiplied by scale factors different for each point. Number
                 of scale factors equals to dims[0].
  - `per_dim_1`  same as `per_oc`.
  - `per_dim_01` corresponds to `mask = (1 << 0) + (1 << 1)` and means elements
                 of dim0 and dim1 will be multiplied by scale factors different
                 for a pair of {dim0, dim1} points. Number of scale factors
                 equals to dims[0] * dims[1].

`--attr-scales` defines input scales per memory argument primitive attribute.
This attribute is supported only for integer data types as of now. `ARG`
specifies which memory argument will be modified with input scale. `POLICY` and
`SCALE` have the same semantics and meaning as for `--attr-oscale`. To specify
more than one memory argument, underscore (`_`) delimiter is used.

`ARG` supported values are:
  - `src` corresponds to `DNNL_ARG_SRC`
  - `src1` corresponds to `DNNL_ARG_SRC_1`

`POLICY` supported values are:
  - `none`
  - `common`

`--attr-zero-points` defines zero points per memory argument primitive
attribute. This attribute is supported only for integer data types as of now.
`ARG` specifies which memory argument will be modified with zero points.
`ZEROPOINT` is an integer value which will be subtracted from each tensor point.
Asterisk mark (`*`) is an optional addition to `ZEROPOINT` indicating the value
will be passed to a primitive at run-time. To specify more than one memory
argument, underscore (`_`) delimiter is used.

`ARG` supported values are:
  - `src` corresponds to `DNNL_ARG_SRC`
  - `wei` corresponds to `DNNL_ARG_WEIGHTS`
  - `dst` corresponds to `DNNL_ARG_DST`

`--attr-post-ops` defines post operations primitive attribute. Depending on
post operations kind, the syntax differs, but regardless the kind, single quotes
are used in the beginning and in the end in a string literal, even when empty
post operations are passed.

`SUM` post operation kind appends operation result to the output. It supports
optional arguments `SCALE` parsed as a real number, which scales the operation
result before appending, and `DATA_TYPE` argument which defines sum data type
parameter. No data type limitations are applied. Only single `SUM` operation
can be applied to the output tensor.

`ELTWISE` post operation kind applies one of supported element-wise algorithms
to the operation result and then stores it. It supports optional arguments
`ALPHA` and `BETA` parsed as real numbers. To specify `BETA`, `ALPHA` must be
specified. `SCALE` has same notation and semantics as for `SUM` kind, but
requires both `ALPHA` and `BETA` to be specified. `SCALE` is applicable only
when output tensor has integer data type.

`DW_K3S1P1` and `DW_K3S2P1` post operation kinds append depthwise convolution
with kernel size of 3, strides of 1 and 2 correspondently and paddings of 1.
These kinds are applicable only for convolution operation with kernel size of 1
as of now. They support optional argument `DST_DT`, which defines destination
tensor data type. Refer to [data types](knobs_dt.md) for details. Optional
argument `OUTPUTSCALE` defines the semantics of output scale as for
`--attr-oscale` with the same syntax. It requires `DST_DT` to be specified.

`BINARY` post operation kind applies one of supported binary algorithms to the
operation result and then stores it. It requires mandatory argument of `DT`
specifying data type of second memory operand. It supports optional argument of
`POLICY` giving a hint what are the dimensions for a second memory operand. Yet
so far only `COMMON` and `PER_OC` policy values are supported.

Operations may be called in any order, e.g. apply `SUM` at first and then apply
`ELTWISE`, or vice versa - apply `ELTWISE` and then `SUM` it with destination.

`ELTWISE` supported values are:
  - Eltwise operations that support no alpha or beta:
      - `abs`
      - `exp`
      - `exp_dst`
      - `gelu_erf`
      - `gelu_tanh`
      - `log`
      - `logistic`
      - `logistic_dst`
      - `round`
      - `sqrt`
      - `sqrt_dst`
      - `square`
      - `soft_relu`
      - `tanh`
      - `tanh_dst`
  - Eltwise operations that support only alpha:
      - `bounded_relu`
      - `elu`
      - `elu_dst`
      - `relu`
      - `relu_dst`
      - `swish`
  - Eltwise operations that support both alpha and beta:
      - `clip`
      - `linear`
      - `pow`

`BINARY` supported values are:
  - `add`
  - `max`
  - `min`
  - `mul`

## Examples:

Run a set of f32 forward convolutions without bias appending accumulation into
destination and perform relu on the output with scale set to 0.5:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --conv --cfg=f32 --dir=FWD_D \
               --attr-post-ops="'sum;relu:0.5'" --batch=conv_tails
```

Run a 1D-spatial reorder problem with s8 input data and u8 output data in four
different physical memory layout combinations {ncw, ncw}, {ncw, nwc},
{nwc, ncw} and {nwc, nwc} applying output scale 2.5 for each output point:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --reorder --sdt=s8 --ddt=u8 \
               --stag=ncw,nwc --dtag=ncw,nwc \
               --attr-oscale=common:2.5 2x8x8
```

Run a binary problem with s8 input data and u8 output data in nc layout
applying scales to both inputs without any post operations:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --binary --sdt=u8:s8 --ddt=u8 --stag=nc:nc \
               --attr-scales=src:common:1.5_src1:common:2.5 \
               --attr-post-ops="''" 100x100:100x100
```

Run a 1x1 convolution fused with depthwise convolution where output scales set
to 0.5 for 1x1 convolution and 1.5 for depthwise post-op followed by a relu
post-op. The final dst datatype after the fusion in the example below is `s8`.
The weights datatype is inferred as `s8`, `f32` and `bf16` for int8, f32 and
bf16 convolutions respectively.
``` sh
  ./benchdnn --conv --cfg=u8s8u8 --attr-oscale=per_oc:0.5 \
             --attr-post-ops="'relu;dw_k3s1p1:s8:per_oc:1.5;relu'" \
             ic16oc16ih4oh4kh1ph0
```

Run a convolution problem with binary post operation:
``` sh
  ./benchdnn --conv --attr-post-ops="'add:s32:common'" ic16oc16ih4oh4kh1ph0
```

Commit message:

benchdnn: allow post-ops to contain double quotes in batch file

tests/benchdnn/doc/knobs_attr.md, after:

# Attributes

## Usage
```
    --attr-oscale=POLICY[:SCALE[*]]
    --attr-scales=ARG:POLICY[:SCALE][_...]
    --attr-zero-points=ARG:ZEROPOINT[*][_...]
    --attr-post-ops='SUM[:SCALE[:DATA_TYPE]];'
                    'ELTWISE[:ALPHA[:BETA[:SCALE]]];[...;]'
                    'DW_K3S1P1[:DST_DT[:OUTPUTSCALE]];'
                    'DW_K3S2P1[:DST_DT[:OUTPUTSCALE]];'
                    'BINARY:DT[:POLICY];'
```

`--attr-oscale` defines output scale primitive attribute. `POLICY` specifies the
way scale values will be applied to the output tensor. `SCALE` is optional
argument, parsed as a real number that specifies either a common output scale
(for `common` policy) or a starting point for a policy with non-zero mask
(e.g. `per_oc`), which uses many scales. The default scale is `1.0`. Asterisk
mark (`*`) is an optional addition to `SCALE` indicating the scales will be
passed to a primitive at run-time.

`POLICY` supported values are:
  - `none`       (the default) means no output scale is applied.
  - `common`     corresponds to `mask = 0` and means a whole tensor will be
                 multiplied by a single SCALE value.
  - `per_oc`     corresponds to `mask = 1 << 1` and means elements of dim1 will
                 be multiplied by scale factors different for each point. Number
                 of scale factors equals to dims[1].
  - `per_dim_0`  corresponds to `mask = 1 << 0` and means elements of dim0 will
                 be multiplied by scale factors different for each point. Number
                 of scale factors equals to dims[0].
  - `per_dim_1`  same as `per_oc`.
  - `per_dim_01` corresponds to `mask = (1 << 0) + (1 << 1)` and means elements
                 of dim0 and dim1 will be multiplied by scale factors different
                 for a pair of {dim0, dim1} points. Number of scale factors
                 equals to dims[0] * dims[1].

`--attr-scales` defines input scales per memory argument primitive attribute.
This attribute is supported only for integer data types as of now. `ARG`
specifies which memory argument will be modified with input scale. `POLICY` and
`SCALE` have the same semantics and meaning as for `--attr-oscale`. To specify
more than one memory argument, underscore (`_`) delimiter is used.

`ARG` supported values are:
  - `src` corresponds to `DNNL_ARG_SRC`
  - `src1` corresponds to `DNNL_ARG_SRC_1`

`POLICY` supported values are:
  - `none`
  - `common`

`--attr-zero-points` defines zero points per memory argument primitive
attribute. This attribute is supported only for integer data types as of now.
`ARG` specifies which memory argument will be modified with zero points.
`ZEROPOINT` is an integer value which will be subtracted from each tensor point.
Asterisk mark (`*`) is an optional addition to `ZEROPOINT` indicating the value
will be passed to a primitive at run-time. To specify more than one memory
argument, underscore (`_`) delimiter is used.

`ARG` supported values are:
  - `src` corresponds to `DNNL_ARG_SRC`
  - `wei` corresponds to `DNNL_ARG_WEIGHTS`
  - `dst` corresponds to `DNNL_ARG_DST`

`--attr-post-ops` defines post operations primitive attribute. Depending on
post operations kind, the syntax differs, but regardless the kind, single quotes
are used in the beginning and in the end in a string literal, even when empty
post operations are passed.

Note that from shell command line, double quotes are required in front of and
behind single quotes. This is caused by shell interpretator messing with
delimiters used inside post-ops content. Refer to examples below.

`SUM` post operation kind appends operation result to the output. It supports
optional arguments `SCALE` parsed as a real number, which scales the operation
result before appending, and `DATA_TYPE` argument which defines sum data type
parameter. No data type limitations are applied. Only single `SUM` operation
can be applied to the output tensor.

`ELTWISE` post operation kind applies one of supported element-wise algorithms
to the operation result and then stores it. It supports optional arguments
`ALPHA` and `BETA` parsed as real numbers. To specify `BETA`, `ALPHA` must be
specified. `SCALE` has same notation and semantics as for `SUM` kind, but
requires both `ALPHA` and `BETA` to be specified. `SCALE` is applicable only
when output tensor has integer data type.

`DW_K3S1P1` and `DW_K3S2P1` post operation kinds append depthwise convolution
with kernel size of 3, strides of 1 and 2 correspondently and paddings of 1.
These kinds are applicable only for convolution operation with kernel size of 1
as of now. They support optional argument `DST_DT`, which defines destination
tensor data type. Refer to [data types](knobs_dt.md) for details. Optional
argument `OUTPUTSCALE` defines the semantics of output scale as for
`--attr-oscale` with the same syntax. It requires `DST_DT` to be specified.

`BINARY` post operation kind applies one of supported binary algorithms to the
operation result and then stores it. It requires mandatory argument of `DT`
specifying data type of second memory operand. It supports optional argument of
`POLICY` giving a hint what are the dimensions for a second memory operand. Yet
so far only `COMMON` and `PER_OC` policy values are supported.

Operations may be called in any order, e.g. apply `SUM` at first and then apply
`ELTWISE`, or vice versa - apply `ELTWISE` and then `SUM` it with destination.

`ELTWISE` supported values are:
  - Eltwise operations that support no alpha or beta:
      - `abs`
      - `exp`
      - `exp_dst`
      - `gelu_erf`
      - `gelu_tanh`
      - `log`
      - `logistic`
      - `logistic_dst`
      - `round`
      - `sqrt`
      - `sqrt_dst`
      - `square`
      - `soft_relu`
      - `tanh`
      - `tanh_dst`
  - Eltwise operations that support only alpha:
      - `bounded_relu`
      - `elu`
      - `elu_dst`
      - `relu`
      - `relu_dst`
      - `swish`
  - Eltwise operations that support both alpha and beta:
      - `clip`
      - `linear`
      - `pow`

`BINARY` supported values are:
  - `add`
  - `max`
  - `min`
  - `mul`

## Examples:

Run a set of f32 forward convolutions without bias appending accumulation into
destination and perform relu on the output with scale set to 0.5:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --conv --cfg=f32 --dir=FWD_D \
               --attr-post-ops="'sum;relu:0.5'" --batch=conv_tails
```

Run a 1D-spatial reorder problem with s8 input data and u8 output data in four
different physical memory layout combinations {ncw, ncw}, {ncw, nwc},
{nwc, ncw} and {nwc, nwc} applying output scale 2.5 for each output point:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --reorder --sdt=s8 --ddt=u8 \
               --stag=ncw,nwc --dtag=ncw,nwc \
               --attr-oscale=common:2.5 2x8x8
```

Run a binary problem with s8 input data and u8 output data in nc layout
applying scales to both inputs without any post operations:
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --binary --sdt=u8:s8 --ddt=u8 --stag=nc:nc \
               --attr-scales=src:common:1.5_src1:common:2.5 \
               --attr-post-ops="''" 100x100:100x100
```

Run a 1x1 convolution fused with depthwise convolution where output scales set
to 0.5 for 1x1 convolution and 1.5 for depthwise post-op followed by a relu
post-op. The final dst datatype after the fusion in the example below is `s8`.
The weights datatype is inferred as `s8`, `f32` and `bf16` for int8, f32 and
bf16 convolutions respectively.
``` sh
  ./benchdnn --conv --cfg=u8s8u8 --attr-oscale=per_oc:0.5 \
             --attr-post-ops="'relu;dw_k3s1p1:s8:per_oc:1.5;relu'" \
             ic16oc16ih4oh4kh1ph0
```

Run a convolution problem with binary post operation:
``` sh
  ./benchdnn --conv --attr-post-ops="'add:s32:common'" ic16oc16ih4oh4kh1ph0
```
