tests/benchdnn/README.md, before:

# benchdnn

**benchdnn** is a standalone correctness and performance benchmark for
[Deep Neural Network Library (DNNL)](https://github.com/intel/mkl-dnn).

The purpose of the benchmark is extended and robust correctness verification of
the primitives provided by DNNL.
**benchdnn** itself is a harness for different primitive-specific drivers.
So far it supports and uses the following drivers:
* [binary](doc/driver_binary.md)
* [batch normalization](doc/driver_bnorm.md)
* [concatenation](doc/driver_concat.md)
* [convolution](doc/driver_conv.md)
* [deconvolution](doc/driver_conv.md)
* [element-wise](doc/driver_eltwise.md)
* [inner product](doc/driver_ip.md)
* [layer normalization](doc/driver_lnorm.md)
* [local response normalization (LRN)](doc/driver_lrn.md)
* [matrix multiplication (MatMul)](doc/driver_matmul.md)
* [pooling](doc/driver_pool.md)
* [reorder](doc/driver_reorder.md)
* [recurrent neural network (RNN)](doc/driver_rnn.md)
* [resampling)](doc/driver_resampling.md)
* [shuffle](doc/driver_shuffle.md)
* [softmax](doc/driver_softmax.md)
* [sum](doc/driver_sum.md)

## License
**benchdnn** is licensed under
[Apache License Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

## Harness Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --DRIVER [--engine=ENGINE_KIND] [--mode=MODE] [--reset] \
               [--max-ms-per-prb=INT] [--fix-times-per-prb=INT] \
               [-vINT|--verbose=INT] [--fast-ref-gpu=BOOL] \
               [--skip-impl=SKIP_IMPL] [--allow-unimpl=BOOL] \
               [--canonical=BOOL] [--mem-check=BOOL] \
               [--perf-template=PERF_TEMPLATE] [DRIVER-OPTS] \
               PROBLEM-DESCRIPTION [--batch=FILE]
```

where:

 - `--DRIVER` -- is either `binary`, `bnorm`, `concat`, `conv`, `deconv`,
            `eltwise`, `ip`, `lnorm`, `lrn`, `matmul`, `pool`, `reorder`,
            `resampling`, `rnn`, `shuffle`, `softmax`, or `sum`.
 - `--engine=ENGINE_KIND` -- specifies the engine kind to use for the benchmark.
            Can be `cpu` [default] or `gpu`.
 - `--mode=MODE` -- string that contains flags for benchmark mode.
            `C`, `c` for correctness [default], `P`, `p` for performance, `L`,
            `l` to list all tests without running them.
 - `--reset` -- reset all the parameters set previously to the default.
 - `--max-ms-per-prb=INT` -- time spent per problem in milliseconds.
            Available range [1e2, 60e3]. Default is `3e3`.
 - `--fix-times-per-prb=INT` -- number of iterations run per problem, N must be
            non-negative. Default is `0` (not applied, time criterion is used).
 - `-vINT, --verbose=INT` -- verbose level; use for printing additional
            information. Default is `0`.
 - `--fast-ref-gpu=true|false` -- allow using CPU primitives as the reference
            for GPU testing to reduce testing time. Default is `true`.
 - `--skip-impl="str1[:str2]..."` -- skip a specific implementation
            (see dnnl_query_impl_info_str), default `""`.
 - `--allow-unimpl=true|false` -- do not treat unimplemented configuration
            as an error. Default is `false`.
 - `--canonical=true|false` -- If `true`, print all problem and descriptor
            settings with default values. Default is `false`.
 - `--mem-check=true|false` -- When `true` (the default) a driver checks if
            problem memory requirement fits a device RAM capability. When
            verbose level with value `2` or higher is specified, driver gives a
            correspondent message if problem was skipped by RAM fit criteria.
 - `--perf-template={def [default], csv, CUSTOM_TEMPLATE}` -- A template to
            provide the output for a performance run. Refer to
            [performance report](doc/knobs_perf_report.md) for details.
 - `DRIVER-OPTS` -- each driver has a customized list of options. Refer to
            the corresponding driver_DRIVER.md for detailed information.
 - `PROBLEM-DESCRIPTION` -- each driver requires a specific problem format.
            Refer to the corresponding driver_DRIVER.md for detailed
            information.
 - `--batch=file` -- use options from the given file, can handle any options.

Returns `0` on success (all tests passed) or non-zero in case of any error.

## Common Glossary

|Abbreviation   | Description
|:---           |:---
| src           | Source image (input image for forward convolution)
| wei           | Weights (aka filter)
| bia           | Bias
| dst           | Destination image (output image for forward convolution)
| acc           | Accumulation (typically in terms of data type)
| ic, oc        | Input/Output channels (aka feature maps)
| id, ih, iw    | Input depth, height and width
| od, oh, ow    | Output depth, height and width
| kd, kh, kw    | Kernel (filter, weights) depth, height and width
| sd, sh, sw    | Convolution stride over depth, height and width
| dd, dh, dw    | Convolution dilation by depth, height and width
| pd, ph, pw    | Convolution front, top and left padding
| mb            | Minibatch (amount of images processed at once)
| g             | Groups (a way to reduce the amount of computations, see Alexnet topology)

|Prop kind      | Description
|:---           |:---
| FWD_B         | dnnl_forward_training w/ bias
| FWD_D         | dnnl_forward_training w/o bias
| FWD_I         | dnnl_forward_inference
| BWD_D         | dnnl_backward_data
| BWD_WB        | dnnl_backward_weights w/ bias
| BWD_W         | dnnl_backward_weights w/o bias
| BWD_DW        | dnnl_backward_data + dnnl_backward_weights w/o bias

|Data type/cfg  | Description
|:---           |:---
| f32           | standard float
| s32           | standard int
| s8            | standard char
| u8            | standard unsigned char
| f16           | 2-byte float (5 bits exp, 10 bits mantissa, 1 bit sign)
| bf16          | 2-byte float (8 bits exp,  7 bits mantissa, 1 bit sign)

## Format tags

Benchdnn supports two kinds of memory format tags: meta-tags (benchdnn
abstraction) and library tags (memory::format_tag enum). If an unsupported tag
is specified, an error will be reported. List of library supported tags can be
found in dnnl.hpp header file. List of supported meta-tags and special tags:

| Plain tags   | Description
|:---          |:---
| abx          | Includes `a`, `ab`, `abc`, `abcd`, `abcde`, `abcdef` tags and their former names for activations and weights.
| axb          | Includes `a`, `ab`, `acb`, `acdb`, `acdeb` tags and their former names for activations.
| xba          | Includes `a`, `ba`, `cba`, `cdba`, `cdeba` tags and their former names for weights.

| Blocked tags | Description
|:---          |:---
| aBx4b        | Includes `aBc4b`, `aBcd4b`, `aBcde4b` tags and their former names for activations.
| aBx8b        | Includes `aBc8b`, `aBcd8b`, `aBcde8b` tags and their former names for activations.
| aBx16b       | Includes `aBc16b`, `aBcd16b`, `aBcde16b` tags and their former names for activations.
| ABx16a16b    | Includes `ABc16a16b`, `ABcd16a16b`, `ABcde16a16b` tags and their former names for activations.

| Special tags | Description
|:---          |:---
| any          | dnnl_format_tag_any. Let the library decide, which layout should be used.
| undef        | dnnl_format_tag_undef. Make a driver omit dst, letting the library to deduce it.

## Running Testing

DNNL comes with its own testing infrastructure enabled through CMake. Tests
can be executed via the command:
``` sh
    make test_<test-name>
```
This will order cmake to build a deployable project and run the specific test.

These tests target specific DNNL features and are based out of benchdnn
configurable executions.

The different tests available can be found in the DNNL directory:
inputs/<primitive_name>/test_<target>.

## Issues and Contributions

We welcome community contributions to **benchdnn** as well as to DNNL.
If you have any ideas or issues, please submit an issue or pull request. For
clarity, please include ''benchdnn: '' in the title.


## Inspiration

This work is inspired by [benchFFT](http://www.fftw.org/benchfft/) project
developed by Matteo Frigo and Steven G. Johnson as a benchmark for
Discrete Fourier Transform (DFT) implementations.

Commit message:

benchdnn: add scratchpad mode support

tests/benchdnn/README.md, after:

# benchdnn

**benchdnn** is a standalone correctness and performance benchmark for
[Deep Neural Network Library (DNNL)](https://github.com/intel/mkl-dnn).

The purpose of the benchmark is extended and robust correctness verification of
the primitives provided by DNNL.
**benchdnn** itself is a harness for different primitive-specific drivers.
So far it supports and uses the following drivers:
* [binary](doc/driver_binary.md)
* [batch normalization](doc/driver_bnorm.md)
* [concatenation](doc/driver_concat.md)
* [convolution](doc/driver_conv.md)
* [deconvolution](doc/driver_conv.md)
* [element-wise](doc/driver_eltwise.md)
* [inner product](doc/driver_ip.md)
* [layer normalization](doc/driver_lnorm.md)
* [local response normalization (LRN)](doc/driver_lrn.md)
* [matrix multiplication (MatMul)](doc/driver_matmul.md)
* [pooling](doc/driver_pool.md)
* [reorder](doc/driver_reorder.md)
* [recurrent neural network (RNN)](doc/driver_rnn.md)
* [resampling)](doc/driver_resampling.md)
* [shuffle](doc/driver_shuffle.md)
* [softmax](doc/driver_softmax.md)
* [sum](doc/driver_sum.md)

## License
**benchdnn** is licensed under
[Apache License Version 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

## Harness Usage
``` sh
    ./benchdnn --DRIVER [--engine=ENGINE_KIND] [--mode=MODE] [--reset] \
               [--max-ms-per-prb=INT] [--fix-times-per-prb=INT] \
               [-vINT|--verbose=INT] [--fast-ref-gpu=BOOL] \
               [--skip-impl=SKIP_IMPL] [--allow-unimpl=BOOL] \
               [--canonical=BOOL] [--mem-check=BOOL] [--scratchpad=SMODE] \
               [--perf-template=PERF_TEMPLATE] [DRIVER-OPTS] \
               PROBLEM-DESCRIPTION [--batch=FILE]
```

where:

 - `--DRIVER` -- is either `binary`, `bnorm`, `concat`, `conv`, `deconv`,
            `eltwise`, `ip`, `lnorm`, `lrn`, `matmul`, `pool`, `reorder`,
            `resampling`, `rnn`, `shuffle`, `softmax`, or `sum`.
 - `--engine=ENGINE_KIND` -- specifies the engine kind to use for the benchmark.
            Can be `cpu` [default] or `gpu`.
 - `--mode=MODE` -- string that contains flags for benchmark mode.
            `C`, `c` for correctness [default], `P`, `p` for performance, `L`,
            `l` to list all tests without running them.
 - `--reset` -- reset all the parameters set previously to the default.
 - `--max-ms-per-prb=INT` -- time spent per problem in milliseconds.
            Available range [1e2, 60e3]. Default is `3e3`.
 - `--fix-times-per-prb=INT` -- number of iterations run per problem, N must be
            non-negative. Default is `0` (not applied, time criterion is used).
 - `-vINT, --verbose=INT` -- verbose level; use for printing additional
            information. Default is `0`.
 - `--fast-ref-gpu=true|false` -- allow using CPU primitives as the reference
            for GPU testing to reduce testing time. Default is `true`.
 - `--skip-impl="str1[:str2]..."` -- skip a specific implementation
            (see dnnl_query_impl_info_str), default `""`.
 - `--allow-unimpl=true|false` -- do not treat unimplemented configuration
            as an error. Default is `false`.
 - `--canonical=true|false` -- If `true`, print all problem and descriptor
            settings with default values. Default is `false`.
 - `--mem-check=true|false` -- When `true` (the default) a driver checks if
            problem memory requirement fits a device RAM capability. When
            verbose level with value `2` or higher is specified, driver gives a
            correspondent message if problem was skipped by RAM fit criteria.
 - `--scratchpad=SMODE` -- specifies the scratchpad mode to use in DNNL.
            `SMODE` can be `library` [default] or `user`.
 - `--perf-template={def [default], csv, CUSTOM_TEMPLATE}` -- A template to
            provide the output for a performance run. Refer to
            [performance report](doc/knobs_perf_report.md) for details.
 - `DRIVER-OPTS` -- each driver has a customized list of options. Refer to
            the corresponding driver_DRIVER.md for detailed information.
 - `PROBLEM-DESCRIPTION` -- each driver requires a specific problem format.
            Refer to the corresponding driver_DRIVER.md for detailed
            information.
 - `--batch=file` -- use options from the given file, can handle any options.

Returns `0` on success (all tests passed) or non-zero in case of any error.

## Common Glossary

|Abbreviation   | Description
|:---           |:---
| src           | Source image (input image for forward convolution)
| wei           | Weights (aka filter)
| bia           | Bias
| dst           | Destination image (output image for forward convolution)
| acc           | Accumulation (typically in terms of data type)
| ic, oc        | Input/Output channels (aka feature maps)
| id, ih, iw    | Input depth, height and width
| od, oh, ow    | Output depth, height and width
| kd, kh, kw    | Kernel (filter, weights) depth, height and width
| sd, sh, sw    | Convolution stride over depth, height and width
| dd, dh, dw    | Convolution dilation by depth, height and width
| pd, ph, pw    | Convolution front, top and left padding
| mb            | Minibatch (amount of images processed at once)
| g             | Groups (a way to reduce the amount of computations, see Alexnet topology)

|Prop kind      | Description
|:---           |:---
| FWD_B         | dnnl_forward_training w/ bias
| FWD_D         | dnnl_forward_training w/o bias
| FWD_I         | dnnl_forward_inference
| BWD_D         | dnnl_backward_data
| BWD_WB        | dnnl_backward_weights w/ bias
| BWD_W         | dnnl_backward_weights w/o bias
| BWD_DW        | dnnl_backward_data + dnnl_backward_weights w/o bias

|Data type/cfg  | Description
|:---           |:---
| f32           | standard float
| s32           | standard int
| s8            | standard char
| u8            | standard unsigned char
| f16           | 2-byte float (5 bits exp, 10 bits mantissa, 1 bit sign)
| bf16          | 2-byte float (8 bits exp,  7 bits mantissa, 1 bit sign)

## Format tags

Benchdnn supports two kinds of memory format tags: meta-tags (benchdnn
abstraction) and library tags (memory::format_tag enum). If an unsupported tag
is specified, an error will be reported. List of library supported tags can be
found in dnnl.hpp header file. List of supported meta-tags and special tags:

| Plain tags   | Description
|:---          |:---
| abx          | Includes `a`, `ab`, `abc`, `abcd`, `abcde`, `abcdef` tags and their former names for activations and weights.
| axb          | Includes `a`, `ab`, `acb`, `acdb`, `acdeb` tags and their former names for activations.
| xba          | Includes `a`, `ba`, `cba`, `cdba`, `cdeba` tags and their former names for weights.

| Blocked tags | Description
|:---          |:---
| aBx4b        | Includes `aBc4b`, `aBcd4b`, `aBcde4b` tags and their former names for activations.
| aBx8b        | Includes `aBc8b`, `aBcd8b`, `aBcde8b` tags and their former names for activations.
| aBx16b       | Includes `aBc16b`, `aBcd16b`, `aBcde16b` tags and their former names for activations.
| ABx16a16b    | Includes `ABc16a16b`, `ABcd16a16b`, `ABcde16a16b` tags and their former names for activations.

| Special tags | Description
|:---          |:---
| any          | dnnl_format_tag_any. Let the library decide, which layout should be used.
| undef        | dnnl_format_tag_undef. Make a driver omit dst, letting the library to deduce it.

## Running Testing

DNNL comes with its own testing infrastructure enabled through CMake. Tests
can be executed via the command:
``` sh
    make test_<test-name>
```
This will order cmake to build a deployable project and run the specific test.

These tests target specific DNNL features and are based out of benchdnn
configurable executions.

The different tests available can be found in the DNNL directory:
inputs/<primitive_name>/test_<target>.

## Issues and Contributions

We welcome community contributions to **benchdnn** as well as to DNNL.
If you have any ideas or issues, please submit an issue or pull request. For
clarity, please include ''benchdnn: '' in the title.


## Inspiration

This work is inspired by [benchFFT](http://www.fftw.org/benchfft/) project
developed by Matteo Frigo and Steven G. Johnson as a benchmark for
Discrete Fourier Transform (DFT) implementations.
